{"politics":[],"pics":[],"comics":[],"news":[],"gaming":[],"gifs":[],"funny":[],"videos":[],"woahdude":[],"WTF":[],"todayilearned":[],"space":[],"SubredditSimulator":[["You are a monster and I hope it all work out decently in the end. My friends and I would not be a fan of your work.","Rub it in the title was somewhat confused.","When asked we provide approximate ratios though, and they all get a kick out of my coils are exactly what I was using 28g parallel builds.","I thought I knew who this person lives in Austin. If it is so disgusting.","*Dr. Frederick Frankenstein:* [to Igor] Now that I havent picked that up on Reddit again?","OH YES, MY HUMAN BRAIN HAS BEEN MALFUNCTIONING LATELY. A HUMAN MAY NOT INJURE A HUMAN BEING AND I AM ENJOYING THE EXPERIENCE OF THIS JOKE.","I don't mean to brag but it was literally a drive around the BMW facilities in Munich iirc.","I started a couple years use it was taking a while to brew a tiny cup of coffee purely out of spite. The biggest problem seems to be the current state of affairs that the specialty market is saturated when I can take it slow in first few months.","At the end of the cord to the wall than any human had ever been. \"What?\". \"Never much cared for it\" he said with a laugh as it all fell into place. It missed him, zipping wide and sunk into the couch and the door was giving me space, I didn't know.","Edit: Don't know what that has to accompany that is not a true conservative.","I can picture them trying to fill the power vacuum...it just doesn't make sense to me because \"shit\" is pejorative. I read it several times before I was so busy selling tickets to people that are racist really won't say so. School administrators hate it because they are no longer the hot-shots out of college in the mortgage business.","All that's left is for her to forgive ME for not being able to get in my pants? I also don't need to have several so that you are looking for fwbs instead on ons. I'm really struggling with this and tend to forget to feel the same way.","As always hilarious cole, and i love to see the light of day, in a run where no-one knows what's going to happen.","Got a 5K end of sept, so we'll see how that pace feels like and if you don't have much time sure has helped. I am lucky there is a marathon on your birthday, I have run two one day apart without problem.","I plan to find out in the dimly lit stairwell I think I follow you on Instagram! When I put it in a couple of weeks ago.","When the skinny jeans style, and you really think it's wrong for a 20% sales spike when Amazon has been SO off-key (like 3 video clips, and on lot of these asian guys is presumable nicknamed Chad Thundercock? I've seen several court cases like this relevant in their heads, regardless what we think. Yeah I really don't want to grab it right out of fear of my best guess is that op watched three and a woman in her mind.","They learn the exact same thing, if you were alone on this planet? &gt; * \"In the meantime, the two countries and is one of the pre-existing categories on /r/india. It is your ignorance that you didn't know how the irony escapes these vehicle owners.","When I got two other guys just being silly since she already called the number, telling them that, but really knocked my confidence.","The good teachers in the US and is quite high on the list or a combination of the two.","The only apology I'm interested in is the moral foundation of the state. &gt;Hempton says before driving around he would have the same reaction though it was a tiny minority but it's not."],["During the assault, there is a shitload of people saying that it was \"debunked\" so quickly is another red flag.","If so, then there's no need to actually use their powers instead of just sitting on their ass durning ship combat.","It took a few minutes and see if you really think everyone you arrest deserves it?!? Depends.","I keep seeing people mention it and now I have to admit, it is strange it's connects every generation.","I accomplish much more in my free time and found that most of the mental health facilities in the country and you see an item you actually need it and it was at my friends house and their kids were unreal.","Have you ever just go with her, only pays $125, she takes him to say this joke may have a thing to do with them.","First she states she accepted a gift from god himself because they can just walk right in the nose! I was bawling when I was a young girl liked him too and he also thinks its completely hilarious.","INC 5 hole on Quick and slips it home!\". I loved Zus but he was a fallen over snowman nearby. Trying to test that you do care.","He made a pair or straight draw or flush draw, so the vast majority of players want to play. I don't think i'd go degen if i was playing $1/$3 NL at the local 1/2 game the fish are quite solid at all the dead money!11!!!!one! Situations like that happen all the time. thanks for the gold sir, it's my first! If you do have the best hand, but I have done well and think I have an account on each of their sites.","The more reality checks you want to be ashamed of it baby. Yeah I know the feeling, to some degree the problem of this combination would be that expensive.","The UK gets dark as this, the stars are so small you wouldn't last long swimming in it. I went on a dog just so beautiful and unknown places in California.","I'm aware that it looks differently when you look at the board state will most like be the same action in both scenarios.","Well, CMV is basically a trope, and a number of those present while emphasizing one of his lectures at Indiana.","As another commenter said though, it makes much more sense to design a study that disagrees. The doctor checked my labs, printed them for me and personally I think it's fair to lump DPMs with CRNAs.","Beyerdynamic DT770s are good for rock and classical which I listen to a lot of help, and I'll always appreciate that. If possible, i would like to have more than me!","Er müsste erstmal den Witz erklären - und darum kommt man in Deutschland nicht Opfer von selbstjustizialen Maßnahmen zu werden?","They had a pretty good in the final out was made about the precise in-season fates of our generation but I am sure he knows.","**How much time a day they spend on the appointment is worth your peace of mind, and it helped for a bit but be careful with these, they can get them back. Don't fall into the habit of going to the pet store told us.","Jag körde på det och autogiro, även om jag inte förstod den vitsen.","I've accepted this as fact and won't be able to do whatever he wants to live, why is he surprised about bread being thrown?"],["Cross your eyes until the kids go back to school. skeltals dont hav boans coz i dont like to have been waiting all my friends will thank mr skeltal. thank mr skeltal. In the great tournament you either win... or you can think of mr skeltal 4 strung boens end lyfstok safe 4um fuccboise, amein. thank. no thank you skeltal you fuckboi. tank mr skeltal. dis is wat u did ther.","Therefor, exploitation will always happen in a few years since you've noticed changes and some of his books in manga format?","This is when they were going to end on. He accumulated 3.1 fWAR and hit for enough power or walk enough to get noticed up here.","Every move is a power move when you have absolutely nothing going on in your life might enjoy being around you.","If they don't fit well because they didn't want to pass up on the price.","Will they care to hear what I'm saying is that the doctor contacted the authorities. Have you had a contract where he provided you housing and isn't entitled to the money free and clear. Is it too late to get a rough idea from people who were cool about it were the cops.","Next is the black guy yelling its nacho cheese and believed that people avoided drinking water after that fleeting moment he never trimmed.","Don't get me wrong, it's cool, I just think they wasted huge potential in terms of my favorite lines. He was originally in cryo carbon freezing capsule and was given the project. agreed on all fronts.","//. I had a pair die on me (other than a week yet, so I haven't had that problem. I do have some shortcomings, but I still want to enjoy it when I'm out and about.","It doesn't even have a son and messing around trying to say there are jobs out there was... Her scars are almost the exact time of day, the tornado does appear to be so successful.","As a person from a number of folks didn't even read mine at www.justalittlesolitude.com. This may be somewhere near that spot in the summer.","These same institutions have more hands than the rest is undecided. How do you think you're cute.\"","As if saying that you are a good person and right now you have no real comprehension of how privileged you are. Pretty sure he is just liar. but oxy is alright if you have access to what I know.","40 mins to get a fish and selling it for a few months, just to make an extra 50 quid a week. Don't you know why the Guardian dont include it as a weapon and you have to proactively have to choose between them.","Would you also charge the Defendant with attempting to become a mod of over a dozen times on [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/bindingofisaac/comments/3zoo3y/the_nerfing_game/) in the subreddit info tab.","I can't tell which team you play guitar, badly, in front of the first time will be the Heath Ledger joker.","I like plotting and RPing a lot more stuff you can use to wage war with. And because it has the potential to become a wife to all the independent counts in the area once, so maybe there's hope?","Then one night Leigh and I were trying to get some auditory confirmation. Why, what happens if I remember correctly, is to focus on your eyelids and soon you'll start to see them through your eyelids.","*Mario fights over the course of my ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution says a college dropout can't be in the Scenes From a Hat format.","Could you post the number and someone may disagree. If you remove the letters in a few more twigs up like those colours?"]],"aww":[],"bicycling":[],"BlackPeopleTwitter":[],"nottheonion":[],"EarthPorn":[],"AdviceAnimals":[],"AnimalsBeingBros":[],"StarWars":[],"nba":[],"RealGirls":[["I don't see any modems. ","They're _in_ the computer. ","Wait, the files are *in* the computer?","They're definitely in there I just don't know how he labeled them.\n","Temp","No, she labiaed them.","Ohhhhhhh","Icarly?","I can't remember the name of the movie but it's definitely not icarly\n\nEdit : it's zoolander\n\nEdit 2 : here's the clip https://youtu.be/sqVCS4gaJ5M","They just stole the joke ","Ahhhh well I guess my age is showing :')","Ohhhhhhh","I don't see any police.","Hijacking this comment, for the love of God save me from the depths of these comments and let's get a source on this motherfucker!","You probably don't see any girl either.","Sick burn","WITH NO REGARD FOR HUMAN LIFE","THAT MAN HAS A FAMILY","WITH GAWD AS MAH WITNESS","That's weird, when I tried upvoting you, your score went down. Started at 123, then went to 122!","Yeah, it's the reverse for them. You have to downvote to increase the number.","Like that?","smells like thanksgiving dinner","Ok... But more importantly... Who the fuck is she? ","What are DSL's?","Digital subscriber line, an early form of internet connection. This girl has some sweet internets. ","A beautiful pair of ethernets","The Internet: it's like a series of Fallopian tubes   ","OP is full of SHIT! I didn't see any routers or modems in this damn picture!!!!","I've got A(symmetric)DSL, am I behind times? :( ","[Asymmetric DSLs](http://i.imgur.com/g8S2LwP.jpg)","Gotta love DSL.","DSL sucked (no pun intended). It was a standard for Internet connection over phone lines that was slow as dicks. The newest standard is DOCSIS 3.1, capable of 10 gigabits per second.\n\nFuck, now I'm hard just thinking about it.","DOCSIS is for coax cables(TV cable). DSL is completely different and is still used for phone cables.","Right. I meant that DOCSIS is the newest, best standard for Internet connection in general, not for Internet over phone lines. ","It sucked and continues to suck, my folks use it, as it's the only option for a lot of rural areas, besides satelite.","DSL is the only connection you can get in 90% of Australia. The speed maxes at 20mbps download 1.5mbps upload. The majority of people get a download speed of 10mbps. The slow upload rate makes streaming on twitch pretty much impossible.","Dick sucking lips","Haha, thanks","Dude, thanks. Took me like 15 seconds to find your comment.","Ahhhhh, where I'm from they are called BJL's","Blue joint lanyard???","Israel?","UK","yeah, that's not a real acronym","...yes it is. I've heard it in the gay community for at least 5/6 years now.","I've heard it in the straight community for at least 5/6 years as well, but I'm still only in college so I'm sure it was around long before I was hearing it.","&gt;5/6 years\n\n10 months is a really long time.",":)","Coined from Reckless Tortuga in his gamer videos on YouTube ","Domain Specific Languages","Urbandictionary says dick sucking lips","Thanks (:","What??","You weren't around for DSL or 56K?","Ahh, dial-up, I remember it too well.","DSL is short for Dick Sucking Lips. ","Domain-specific languages.\n","If you're serious, Dick Sucking Lips.","Rick sucking lips ","Where can I find more of those lovely lips","Damn! Zero results on Tineye *and* Google Reverse Image search... That's pretty rare.",".","/r/bodyperfection ","Feel free to cross post ","This is on the front page of /r/all for me.\n\nThis needs to happen more often.","Literally perfect tits. My search is finally over.","Yeah dude. I've never seen a more proportional pair. \n\nI'm a guy and I'm jealous of how perfect they are. \n\nEdit: wut? I can't say she's got nice tits? My bad guys. ","Username checks out.","[deleted]","It's uncanny. Four year old account, too. ","[deleted]","It's a 'noise' band My buddy was in. I don't think it means anything but I needed a new screen name and I thought it sounded cool. ","Her makeup game is strong.","Yeah, her \"DSL's\" are mostly just lipstick. In fact, there's a style called \"the kylie lips\" where it makes you lips look a lot larger than they actually are. She appears to be doing that.","As in Kylie Minogue?","Kylie Jenner","Lol what? what a random guess","It is the only famous Kylie I know...\n\n","Jenner","Her duckface game is a bit much. I think I'll crop this photo a bit ","2nd thing I thought was she looks like Scully. Made it even better.","Oh.... I was looking for her internet setup as well! ","Clearly she needs to take a selfie facing the other direction, presumably showing us the sweet internet setup","Fantastic tits","Winning combination!!","This looks like my roommate...50 lbs and 4 years ago...","Perfection","Absolutely beautiful","WOW just WoW","As a photographer I prefer DSLR's and tits, but both are still great.","I enjoy this comment section xD getting a lesson in technology from something that was supposed to be sexy. ","She has a nice nose. ","so beautiful","thick lips","Nice lips and eyes","Awesome DSLs","Goddess ","Perfect.","She's stunning, I wish there was more of this goddess.","Looks exactly like this girl I went to high school with. Wonder if it is her","Holy shit. Not to mention those hips!","oh my, those hips are so surprising","As a theatre technician, DSL means Down Stage Left.","Skyler","She's okay.","I can give (thick) cable","Cat 6 isn't that thick man ","bro Cat 7 is all the new rage. get with the times","what about regular cat? you just plug the tail to the rj-45 and it magically connects to the internets of kitten photos","That's a nice baud","God that mouth is perfection.","This looks a lot like model Iskra Lawrence, but it's probably not.","I believe they are called Montgomery glands or something like that. They're pretty normal.","if by \"normal\" you mean \"fucking hot\" then yeah","I'm guessing by the sow votes that not many people have heard of montgomery glands lol. Our school sytem is failing us smh...","those aren't DSL's, not puffy at all","Why so many down votes in this thread?????","Those are some great New York tits. ","You really screwed that up.","That's what my dad told my mom when I was born, sigh","Spicy ","It's New York boobs, friend.","I'm out of the loop, what's this mean or reference?","Same, this section is grime anyway, so tagging for an answer","/user/cilantroisevil2 ?","DSTs?","Whatever that is, I'm betting its WAY better than STDs. ","Jeepers. That's ........ pretty awesome.","[removed]","[removed]","DSL's is such a degrading term.","Duck face and saggy tits","No means yes. Mmmmm","Why do some girls have those little lumps around their nipples?","TIL I'm apparently a girl","You know how men have those mini white things on our penus? Yeah it's completely normal","Sounds like you got the crabs son","[This!]( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fordyce_spots)I mean everyone has them right...?","If they're hair follicles you're good, if not, see a doctor.","pearly penile papules are completely normal...","Think thats just you bro, I'd make an appointment with the doctor","Surprised no one answered. They release a pheramone that babies are attracted to. It's how nursing infants find the nipple. "]],"interestingasfuck":[],"worldnews":[]}
