{"books":[["So like, a library.","Except for a fee.","So, worse than a library ","By the time I'd get half way through it would get taken off. And a shitty book would take its place. ","Also, no streaming.\n\nEDIT: If it wasn't already clear i was talking about this service, not libraries.","Actually libraries have streaming for e-books already.","And we rent movies, CDs, have 3D printers for use for the public. \n\nIt's for a fee too though, they're called taxes. ","Unlike libraries, however, this service is for an additional, voluntary fee. Libraries can be simply defined as being free because most people only consider their gross income; i.e. money they can spend through their own volition.\n\nThis service will be paid for through one's disposable income, not the income one doesn't see nor control. \n\nEdit: also, those who do not pay income or property taxes are still allowed to use public libraries- like students or children. And many libraries even have programs for the homeless to allow them to read books. ","They allow homeless people to read books?  What kind of liberal paradise do you live in?","Is this not a widespread thing? I'm from LA and I see homeless folk reading in libraries all the time.","Usually not a special program for the homeless. They just treat homeless people like real people (which they are) and don't deny them access because of their condition.","AFAIK public libraries allow anyone entrance. I was referring to membership and allowing one to be given a card and the ability to borrow materials without having any property or method of contact.","They need to keep their damn government hands off our public institutions!","Overdrive is awesome. Free books and never have to go to library.","I use overdrive and Hoopla.","My only problem with Overdrive is that there are limited copies that can be borrowed (licenses). Can you imagine if on Netflix it just told you, \"No, sorry. Someone else is already watching that. Come back later.\"","Isn't that exactly like going to a library to check out a book only to find that all the copies have been checked out?","Yeah but ebooks can be copied indefinitely, physical books cannot, so the number of licenses is an artifical construct, rather than an aspect of the physical world. ","My district has streamable movies. It's in its very early stages and the selection isn't great yet, but we have it. We also have digital magazines, ebooks, audiobooks. ","More like:  \n  * First several years - up and coming system with a nice selection of content  \n  * Next several years - lots of super content at a great price  \n  * Next several years - lots of the good content removed and replaced with pulp romance novels   \n  * Final iteration - remainder of good content removed and they start producing their own pulp romance novels  \n","much worse, little do people know that the library is also a kick ass place to rent free movies and sometimes video games.","My library has videos games for almost every system ","My literal childhood dream has come true","the fuck kind of library you have?","My library has a full on movie theater. ","My library has an escort service.","You don't have to leave your house! Bliss! ","Many libraries already have online checkout of e-books.","Just wish my library bought more than one copy of the damn ebooks :\\","Have you checked the membership policies of other libraries near you? For example, a lot of California libraries give cards to any California resident. If one library doesn't have an available copy of an ebook, I just check another.","The last time I checked, most of the libraries here required residency at the county level, unfortunately. I can however share accounts of relatives that live other places, so that's kinda nice.","I believe Michigan just has one pool for everyone in the state. Don't know how common that is.\n\nThere is a separate comic book site that always has everything available but limits the number of titles you read for the month.","Not to mention Amazon Kindle Unlimited that's practically the Spotify for ebooks and audiobooks and works on any device.","Sounds like a Gaffigan joke","Depends on where you live. Libraries have a fee here (Netherlands).","Finally I can hate on the Netherlands! All aboard!","Netherlands has a dog tax. Hate away.","Dunno about you. I have lived in 3 cities and I am not able to half of what I want in any of those libraries. If a new book come out I really want to check out, I get put on a huge waiting list. I end up buying it on amazon anyways. Not all libraries are created equal.","So, like, a Kindle?","Kindle unlimited.","Whassat?","It's like a Netflix, for books","Except mostly terrible books. So, I guess yeah, sorta like Netflix.\n\nA terrible book is harder to read than a a terrible movie is to watch.","Agreed. But Netflix isn't so terrible...","Ah, I see.","Woah dude","So like an Amazon.","Isn't this Kindle Unlimited?  All you can read of books that might've been big in the past or relatively unknown.\n\nBasically, Netflix's model for video.","Yes, it is exactly kindle unlimited. The only hard part about it is getting publishers to sign on. Amazon is big enough to get Harry Potter and the hunger games on unlimited, but anyone trying to compete might not be able to.","I pay fees to two librarys, I get access to e and audio books plus periodicals and video. I'm a trucker and its much less expensive than any alternative such as Audible. My local library is very small and had no digital resources. Share it with my family so it's very economical \n","So like, a library.","Your library charges a fee?","No library I've heard of charges a fee. Some have restrictions on who can get a card (must live in area; must attend that University; must have not been banned from any other library for public indecency, etc) but none I've seen charge a fee for application.","&gt; must have not been banned from any other library for public indecency\n\nInteresting you should know this...","Homeless people masturbating to porn on library computers comes up more often than one would think ","Used to run a Writing Center in a university library that was a public library during the day--can completely freaking confirm. ","Care to elaborate?","Well, it was in an urban University so there were lots of homeless people around, but they weren't the only masturbators. One of the janitors would wander through the hundreds of computers right outside the center door and occassionally start screaming \"Porno watcher!\" over and over again when he caught somebody watching porn. That was like once a week. We had a list of emergency numbers that included \"For clean bathrooms call...\" because it was so common for people to shit on the floor as well as \"For porn call .....\" and \"For wanking call....\"\n\nThe admin assistant was always mad at me for having them listed that way, lol.\n\nBut anyway, campus police had several different levels of emergency line. Somebody watching porn went to the non-emergency line, but somebody actually wanking in public went to a sort of medium emergency line where they'd at least look at the cameras to gather evidence and probably show up. There was also a second line under there for maintenance to send somebody out to clean. I personally placed those calls about once a month, but lots of different people worked there and had to *also* make those calls....","My library served as the daytime hangout for smelly old guys who didn't read from the homeless shelter around the corner. ","My library gives a card for free, but if you pay a small fee you can get a souped up card that gets you into tonnes of local historic places and tourist attractions for free or half off. Definitely worth the £3 a year.","This is a really cool perk they offer!  Wish my town had something similar.","Mine has free family passes to various museums in my city, on a first-come first-serve basis. It's not well known, and yours may offer something similar if you inquire.","I have to pay € 5 a year. (Free until you're 18)","Okay, all of you making light of the fact that this is just a library, please note that this is in India. When I went to India as a kid, the only libraries we ever saw were on college campuses, and the selection of books that weren't textbooks was very meager. I highly doubt any of them had an Overdrive selection. \n\nFinding books to read was extremely frustrating. It's not like all of my family lived in tiny villages, but reasonably large towns still didn't have much in the way of bookstores at the time. You could buy secondhand books from vendors along the street, or from the bookstall at the train station (actually one of the best places) or from bookstores, if you could find one that had something other than textbooks. I used to get excited when we visited cousins in big cities because that was the only place I could go to Higginbotham's and actually find a decent selection of (English) books.\n\nAnd I can certainly understand the desire to be able to read privately, without announcing your book selections to the world. I don't live there, so I don't know what Amazon's selection of digital books looks like. Are all the same English books available? What does the selection of Hindi, Bengali, Tamil, Telugu, Punjabi, Malayalam, Gujarati, Marati, Kannada, etc. books look like? \n\nLet's consider that maybe this is actually filling a need there, even if it isn't needed out here in the West?","Exactly right!  \n\nReading for pleasure used to be unheard of among school age kids in India. Indian parents would consider anything not directly related to education / future career a waste of time, especially as school got increasingly competitive. Anything that was not non-fiction or a reference book would be considered \"storybooks\".\n\nWhen I was younger, I used to visit India for a few weeks at a time in the summers. Back then, you always had to be prepared to occupy yourself if the power went out. Any books I might want to read had to be brought with me.\n\nIt's really good to see this changing. Services like this will affect the middle class in ways that you might not expect.  ","Yes! And there isn't really any equivalent of chapter books/middle grade books for kids at all, at least in Telugu. There's certainly no YA. As a kid, you're either reading a textbook, a children's picture book, an adults' book, or maybe a book written for less literate adults (i.e., simple language with adult themes). Maybe you get some magazines with short stories more aimed at you, but that's it.\n\nIt's reflective of the lack of a \"teenage\" culture, which I honestly kind of like, but I think kids of that age could still benefit from longer form stories that address some of the issues they have to deal with at the child-to-adult transition.","They had comics back in the day. The best part was in the back they'd have these either religious or \"life lessons\" sections. I remember reading one about the importance of drinking water with a meal. Apparently, not drinking water when eating was previously\n a huge problem for Indian children. Thank god that comic came out or they'd all be dead. ","Not sure why this isn't the top comment. Finding good books to read while growing up in India was always a challenge. Had to ask relatives who lived abroad to bring back books for me and I was never sure whether they were to my liking until it was too late. A service like this would be incredibly welcome. Have my upvote :)","Probably because most Westerners didn't immediately realise that free (or even nominal fee) libraries are apparently very rare in India. \n\nI mean, I know my first thought was \"Library?\" until I noticed the URL referenced.","Thank you for bringing this up. I'm sorry a snarky-ass set of comments, including my own, is overshadowing a real issue. /sincere","It's not anything like either Netflix or a library.  It's just an app that sends you an erotica story once a day.  So not exactly \"filling a need\" in regards to literary access.  I feel like this whole post/thread has exploded because no one is reading what this is actually about. It's not that exciting.","&gt; there's a range of reading on the app, including short works of non-fiction, long serialized forms, and a set of short stories that you can buy one of.\n\nIt's more like a periodical containing short stories and serialized books. This is a very common format in India (perhaps even the most common style of reading material for the general populace), and now it's in digital format with the added option of some longer books. The privacy afforded by the format allows for erotica as well, but that's not the primary purpose, just one of the hooks to get people to buy into the app.\n\nI'm hoping it's a case of \"start with what people are familiar with, then expand\".","This already exists.  Like, all over the place.  I'm happy for them for recognizing a trend, but I resent how they are framing it as being so groundbreaking.  The whole thing strikes me as a marketing blitz, and I think the title is incredibly misleading.","Sure. But she probably has enough clout to get some good authors and advertise enough to get people to actually use it and start reading. And they're trying to extend it internationally too, to reach the diaspora, which I think is cool.","Context always brings clarity.","You can also get DVDs at the library. So Netflix is also like, a library. ","This is always the top comment on things like this.\n\nBut I'm all, don't care, would totally sign up for a completely electronic library.\n\nMy small town doesn't have a public library, and the ones in the next city are 45 min to an hour away. They also charge money for non-residents to sign up for a membership, so while I'm planning on signing up soon (fingers crossed their Overdrive support is good and that Overdrive is as good as I've heard it is...) it's basically no different than a \"Netflix for books\" -- like what Oyster was supposed to be -- and probably will be worse than a dedicated service for that would be.","You can check the overdrive website for specific title availability even if you don't have an account. You can also browse the overdrive of any library without having an account, [for example](http://llc.lib.overdrive.com/E2664EE1-E2E8-497C-9988-B1334AA47CEC/10/50/en/Default.htm).","The bonus would be if unlimited users could read the same title at once, just like anyone watching shows on Netflix anytime.  But I suspect this is a rights-management issue from publishers rather than a technological piece.","Correct, Overdrive and similar services sell access by circulation per agreements with publishers. When our number of circs runs out they notify us so we can choose to \"buy\" more copies.\n\nSource: work at the library","And the licenses run like $70 because they have a monopoly pretty much. And when titles expire, they make it a pain in the ass to weed them where it's just easier to renew everything thus making them more money. \n\n","A non-resident charge is pretty standard for most American public libraries. You don't live in whatever their designated service area is (typically city or county limits), so your taxes aren't supporting the library. The yearly fee makes up for that.","Townships usually.  Half my city can use the local library for free and the other half has to pay because they voted to not pay the township level taxes for the library. They get reeeeeeal pissed off about that when I tell them it's now $50 a year to join. ","Well I'm just talking for Texas but here you can get a special card that allows you to use the libraries all over Texas as if you had a membership there (free). I always thought it was like that in other states.","This sucks. Does your county or state have any sort of library services?","Just a heads up, most vendors like overdrive won't let out of county/township account access ebooks. So check into that before you pay your yearly subscription to the library if that's your main reason for signing up.","Except libraries in India are much different than libraries in west. So no, its not like an *Indian Library.*","Except India doesn't have that many libraries; I think given her big name in publishing it could do well.  I mean this isn't meant to be used in the US so it's tough for me to make a judgement but I'm sure she's not stupid.  There's probably a possibility of it working for her to pursue it.","I would love to see something like a Pandora for audio books. I would probably pay for a service like that if I weren't dirt-poor. If we're just talking about E-Books here though, then I'm not particularly interested either way.","So like...Audible? Pay like $20/mo, that gets you one audiobook credit a month, and access to their entire library at discounted prices. ","Kindle unlimited has a service that's crazy good. You get unlimited audio books and unlimited regular books for 10$ a month with no limit to how many you can read or listen too. The catch is there aren't a lot of super recent or popular titles but that doesn't mean there are terrible books. I have a subscriptions and get a free book on too of that every month which is mine to keep. Plus recommendations and discounts for purchasing audio books or ebooks is nice too.","I'm suprised I had to scroll this far to find a comment about Kindle unlimited.  Great service for people who read alot.  ","From what I've heard and read about Kindle Unlimited, it's a ripoff service designed to push their in-house publishing, and that's why books I'd give a damn about are hard to find on there. Plus you'd have to read a lot to make $10/month worth it, considering how cheap many Kindle books already are.","&gt;considering how cheap many Kindle books already are.\n\nwait what? most kindle books seem to be ~$10?","That feels so expensive. I'm a cheap ass though. So maybe I'm wrong.","As others have stated I think the price I quoted is more around the \"two book a month\" plan, the single book plan is a bit cheaper.\n\nIt is a bit pricey, but considering that most audiobooks of average length are around $40+ it's not too bad *if you were going to buy audiobooks anyway*. \n\nIt's worth it to me because I listen to them at work while doing mindless data entry and it's basically the only way I ever get to \"read\" books. ","$20 is closer to the 2 credit plan. Pandora is free.","That's what I do. I listen to them only when I drive and usually get through them one per month so it works out great.","Audible seems like such a shitty deal.","When Netflix started, people probably said, \"**So like, Blockbuster.**\"","Netflix was different from blockbuster as they mailed the movies to your house and didn't charge any late fees. So it added convenience and removed something people hated. \n\nThis just seems like a much more limited version of Kindle Unlimited or Overdrive. The only added feature is that they deliver a story daily at 10pm. That could be fun, but it isn't really revolutionary nor a netflix for books. \n\n","Unless you live in India, the market this service was created for. Kinda crazy how few people actually read the article - it fills a huge need for accessible reading in a big developing country.","Except Blockbuster didn't have an online service.  Libraries do.  And BB was a private for profit entity.  [Public] Libraries aren't.","This is what I'm thinking. I can't believe how many people are poorly educated about their local libraries. So many libraries offer online book rentals, and Amazon offers them as well. It's basically the same thing! ","&gt; Except Blockbuster didn't have an online service. Libraries do.\n\nNot all of them do.\n\nBefore posting that kind of comment, it would be wise of you to think about the world. The **ENTIRE** world, in which things work differently in different places.","Netflix mailed and then streamed.\n\nTotally different business model.","Difference would be that Blockbuster cost money, Library are free? ","Not the same, at all. ","Let's Bookflix and chill","Hey! Libraries offer movies too!","[deleted]","So this is just *Kindle Unlimited* ~~Amazon Prime~~: over 1 million titles and thousands\nof audiobooks, $9.99 a month.","Libraries are free, and they have audiobooks too.","And ebooks. I have an app called overdrive that allows me to rent ebooks and audiobooks from my library directly from my phone or tablet or computer. I just log in with my credentials.  \n\nI have another app that lets me rent free magazines. \n\nEdit 3: thanks for the hoopla suggestions, I just got it. Movies as well as audio books, ebooks, music, etc. \n\nEdit 2: magazine app is Zinio\n\nEdit:  i don't have the magazine app in front of me but all the info was on my local library's website so check yours if you want to know more. It's irrelevant if your library doesn't offer it so find out if they do and they should have download links to the apps. The apps only serve as a way to access content, you don't sign up through them. ","I love Overdrive. I used kindle unlimited for a few months, but it was mostly shit. Overdrive has way more options and is free.","If something like Kindle Unlimited or this \"Netflix for books\" really takes off, couldn't Overdrive just transition to a fee-service. They already have a huge library of options tied to a bunch of libraries. Would hate for that to happen. I don't know enough about Overdrive's model to know if this is a serious concern, but it seems like a consideration if others in the market start making a lot of money with fee services.","It is a fee service. The libraries pay a lot of money to license the books.","My library also has access to Hoopla which gives you the content immediately, no holds or waits. I can check out 8 titles (movies, music, comics, ebooks, audiobooks) in this.","And so many good comics are on Hoopla! Saga, Rat Queens, The Walking Dead, Dungeons &amp; Dragons, not to mention all the standard superheroes. ","Can you use a Kindle with library ebooks though?\nEDIT: thanks for the answers, guys. i'm gonna look into ebooks at my library.","Yes. Overdrive-Amazon integration is pretty smooth. ","Hoopla is available for Kindle. ","I think you can in the US. You can't in Canada though ","Yeah. I use overdrive and when you check out a book, you get the option to download it as an ePub or a kindle book.","Yep. ","I don't know, maybe the fire tablet but I don't have a kindle so I never tried. ","They often require me to leave the apartment though. ","Amazon prime doesn't include audio books in the $10 a month. ","DOESNT EXIST IN CANADA","Kindle Unlimited came to Canada last year. The selection isn't particularly good, but there you go.","Yeah I just searched all the books on my to-read list. None are on there. No thanks Amazon. Their daily deals are shite too. ","Book rental places existed way before Netflix. That's where they got the idea to send out DVDs through the mail. ","Like Scribd?\n","Exactly my first thought. They'll pull a Scribd: promote it as \"Netflix for books\", gather press and followers, boast how they're the only ones allowing \"unlimited reads\", then finally reveal their true limited plan (3 books per month, token-based system in which you don't get tokens even if you're paying regularily, unless you've used up the previous ones, which is horrible), deal with the backlash and generally lose all steam.\n\nA \"Netflix for books\" will never be viable in the long term, until publishing houses accept a different licensing model. Romance and YA novel readers kill all these initiatives by the sheer amount of titles they consume each week, as services as Scribd still pay a per-book licensing fee to the publishers. ","I was so mad when Scribd pulled that shit. I immediately quit and let them know if they wanted to be Audible, I'd go to Audible (and admittedly I said some other nasty things). I went to Kindle Unlimited though because it's more like old Scribd and audio books are my drug of choice to get through the work day so it's more cost effective for me.","Wait, what happened to Scribd?\n\nI used to be a user but I had to quit due to budgetary constraints, did they drastically change their model? (10$/month, all you can read/hear)","Yup. Now they use a token/credit system or something crappy like Audible. Not good for the high quantity consumer like me and didn't seem worth it based on their selection of books anyways. Kindle Unlimited is pretty much the same as old Scribd and costs about the same. I'm still on the lookout for something better, but for now Kindle Unlimited is ok.","No one will ever be able to have a truly sustainable unlimited reads service so long as the big 5 publishers have a stranglehold on the industry.\n\nThey simply won't license their content in a scalable fashion.  Perhaps you can load up on the cheapest content, but then you get a shitty selection.\nI think the reason every single unlimited read service has failed is because there are too few publishers and they are married to an outdated business model (pay per read).  Until they are broken, Netflix for books is a pipe dream.","I agree, fully, with everything you've said.\n\nWhich makes me even more pissed off at services like Scribd: I mean, they have a sizeable team and spent quite a bit on marketing, they're not particularly new either - they were around for a while (though in a different segment, they actually made a small fortune on document sharing and hosting pirated books and the likes), and they still didn't know that was going to happen? Part of me thinks they knew what they were getting into, but had absolutely no exit strategy outside of \"we'll deal with the backlash somehow, now let's just say stuff to get people subscribed.\"\n\nBeing more consumer-friendly would be a nice thing, too. Token limits (which means losing new ones if they stack up, even if you're continuously paying for the service), separate tokens for audiobooks and books, blocking out books you've already read, extremely restrictive DRM that only allows their internal reader/player to handle the service, which breaks more often than anyone would like to admit (and is pretty much inaccessible on selected devices), pretending their \"free\" selection is anything to boast about, shutting down some customer discussions that didn't go their way... \n\nThey're pretty bad at this \"reputation in the age of the Internet\" thing, even if the actual answer DOES lay on the publishers side (which basically comes down to *\"no Netlix for books for y'all\"*).","Alright, am I missing something?  Other than having the component of getting a daily story on your device (basically serialization), it just sounds like a publishing start-up with an app.  All publishers use technology.  All publishers do digital along with print.  I don't see how it would be compared to Netflix or Amazon, and I don't see what's especially innovative.  And I had to google to figure out what exactly the article is even talking about.\n\nedit: [Better article](http://www.forbes.com/sites/abehal/2016/04/22/new-publishing-platform-juggernaut-rolls-out-with-15-cent-books-on-your-mobile-device/#3cedc89945c1).  I guess the model is that it's an app, and you pay either daily or monthly to read a small selection of content on it.  I suppose it hasn't been done *exactly* that way before, but lots of publishers and platforms have content apps.  It seems their flagship author (Sunny Leone) is a big celebrity in India, which better explains the attention.","When you have a potential market of a billion people, sometimes it's worth just throwing the dice and hoping you get lucky. \n\nYou strike a chord with a demographic to become the flavor of the month you could potentially make a lot of short term income. ","My local library does this thing where you can borrow a Kindle book for x days, and when that's done the book disappears from your Kindle library. You download it right thru Amazon, so it's officially endorsed and enforced. So yeah this can work, but I think amazon themselves already have a monthly reading plan. ","How about a Netflix for textbooks","They have that, it only costs $600-1500 a semester and you'll never look at 2/3 of them. ","this is why it's a moral obligation to pirate textbooks.  it's not just not wrong to do it; it's wrong to not do it!","Textbooks are a total log-rolling racket.","Safari Books Online is really good. I get free access as part of my job, although having used it I probably would pay the monthly subscription even if it is $20+ a month. I'm using it to brush up on R and SAS for work, and reading up on C# and game dev in my own time. It seems more for IT and business related books.","Really hate headlines that do the whole \"Netflix of...\" thing. It's just lazy writing.","Hey, you could even organize the books according to author, and index the collection to be accessed by a search engine, separate the books according to genre, and formulate a membership structure. I'd call it a Librarium.","There's really no need for this when we have Overdrive. You can use your local library account to borrow ebooks and audio books. You can add multiple libraries so you have a greater selection. And it's free. ","Well, *you* have Overdrive. It's not available everywhere. ","For third world countries, like mine, with crappy libraries it sounds like a good idea. I think Kindle unlimited sounds like a better deal. ","where are you from, if I may ask","Mexico, why do you ask fool? ","I'm from Germany, Berlin. There are only 2 overdrive results and no results at all if I search for ebooks with \"programming\"","It would actually be better off to start a non-profit rather than a crappy tech-startup to solve this problem. Oh right, there are already hundreds of those. Have you looked into how you can help the local book donation programs?","Not all libraries have Overdrive. But I agree. The idea of \"streaming\" content and ebooks/audiobooks is becoming much more popular, so I'd expect even the few libraries without Overdrive (or a similar service) will implement something like it soon.","One thing about library apps, was that I could never get the books I want, since they have limited copies of newer books.","I had never heard of this before. Turns out that my local library uses Overdrive as well. Will try it out right away! Thanks for the tip!","So... does India not have Google or Amazon?","It's an TOI Sunday special article. The whole TOI TEAM gets extra stupid on Sundays. \n\nNo one should read ther articles. \n\nAlso I live in Bangalore and everyday every newspaper dedicates at least 1 page to startups in the city. Some make it, most don't. ","We have. Times of India is like Fox news of USA. They cite stupidity, oversell shit and cover tits.\n\n\ntl;dr don't read TOI articles.","Of course, this makes sense right? -_- \n\n&gt; The idea is - Can the physical and digital talk to each other? Can I take the knowledge of who is going to buy our books on the phone and sell them other books?\n\nWhat was she even saying? And why is this a thing? Terribly confused. ","I get it libraries are awesome ... in some places. \n\nIn many places, libraries are dismal, where they even exist. For many people, this might be a useful service.\n\nAnd yeah, it's a lot like Amazon, but I'd rather see more competition in the market.","We already have a Netflix for books, it's called a library.","That doesn't sound very netflixy. More like Amazon, with their 1.99 episodes and such.","I've been waiting for someone to come up with an Amazon for books!","Man, I would not enter this market. It's already owned by Google and Amazon.","Like the library?","I feel like this belongs in a Silicon Valley episode. ","It's pure ROI.","Oyster tried and died.","That is what Oyster does and I don't know a single person that uses it. ","There was a book version of Netflix called Oyster. Lasted a few months but eventually didn't make it... Bummer because they had A TON of good books. ","...That's called Kindle. ","Wouldn't you want the hard cover book in your hand? Like that's what I thought it meant. Like you can get books like the library or the dvd portion of Netflix. ","Hardcover is nice and all, but having a thousand books in my backpack on a device that's weighs less than a pound is nicer. ","Neat idea. Audible is more like Netflix though.","\"Crafted for mobile?\" What the fuck is pioneering in that, didn't iBooks and Google play and the Kindle app and a thousand other book readers already do this. I didn't even get what the founder was trying to say.","It needs a streaming service that has actors reading books to us like a bedtime story. Give me Patrick Stewart reading Shakespeare at me and I'll just write you a blank check. ","I think it's called Kindle.","It won't be easy","This.. already exists..","Library?","I wish they would make one for music too.\n\n\"Netflix but for  music\"","\"Juggernaut and chill\" just doesn't have the same ring to it tho","So like a Library? Or Kindle Unlimited? ","I want to take this opportunity to mention [Hoopla](https://www.hoopladigital.com/).\n\nIf you don't know what it is, it's a website/app that allows you access to ebooks, e-audiobooks, ecomics, music and movies for **FREE!** using your library card. You may have access to it already and not even know.\n\nEDIT: This applies to the US and Canada. Not sure about other countries.","isnt it called a library","We got that in denmark, Mofibo.dk Ebooks + audio books","There is already a Netflix for books. Multiple, actually. Oyster. Amazon Prime. Problem is they suck due to limited selection. Hope somebody can crack that part of it. I'd sign up. ","Oyster is s subscription book service too.","Thats what the Oyster app is for. ","Yeah, but they closed up shop. ","I'd call it Netflips","There already is such a thing in Poland and it's called [Legimi](www.legimi.com). You pay monthly fee and you have access to all books they have for sale. ","This existed. It was called Oyster. It didn't do well and was absorbed into Google. ","Oyster already did this (digital), no? Physical is a library.","Doesn't this already exist? has anyone been on Scribd? I had a subscription for a few months and quite liked it\n","This.  Though a lot of the time homeless folks come to libraries is to use the computers to find jobs and stuff.","Some libraries do charge fees, for out-of-district people who want to use it.  ","\"Use\" in this case means check out an item or in some cases use the computers/internet. Reading books on the shelf is free, or sometimes requires a photo id to enter for security reasons (mostly college libraries I've heard of doing this).","http://www.johnnywander.com/comic/a-netflix-for-books\n\nSeriously, though. It sounds neat, and accessible reading is always good.","Libraries are not free everywhere, especially not free in India.","Well... To be honest, this is either something people don't need or its something that's already being done in other ways. Just saying it's similar to Netflix isn't going to make people think it's as in demand as Netflix. ","Is this Oyster? I had Oyster.","Years ago I told my father, \"lets make a netflix for books\"\n\nand he said exactly that, \"you mean a library?\"","Yeah, it's called Kindle prime","Keep government out of the public sector!","I'm sure Berlin is in Germany not the other way around.","It is... Germany is a ... company which is located in Berlin","I'm not qualified to argue.","The library where I use to live also rented video games.  They had a pretty decent selection too.","Canada?","I have Overdrive in Saskatchewan pleb","I think you forgot to say you're sorry for insulting me, I was just making a joke, aye. ","Not every Canadian owes you an apology, check your American privilege and stop stereotyping ","Maybe but we haven't invaded your ass for maple syrup so you at least owe us a thanks. And you guys are like, *right there*. We could do it over the weekend. ","You're American too, Canada is part of North America, so is Mexico, as I'm sure you're aware. I'm not sure why we're the only ones called Americans. And don't Canadians have more privilege? ","I feel like you're not very good at sarcasm ","That wasn't sarcasm","I suck at returning loan books in time. I would probably pay more than $10 a month for late fees. Sadly kindle sub service not available in Finland. Libraries do have ebooks collections, but they are a bit limited.","Now that would be cool, a service that mailed books to your house so you didn't have to go to the library. I'd pay for that. Going to the library to my small local library isn't worth it considering the topic I want isn't usually there. ","Do you not even have private libraries that you can buy into?","Yeah, althought that's not pertienent to te discussion you can compare the purchasing power and the cost of the fee or the accesibility to those (mainly because of distance).","Any library worth its salt subscribe to online features such as databses or streaming services such as Overdrive (which other people in this thread have talked about in more detail than im willing to go into detail over). \n\nPrivate libraries can be utilized online so geography shouldnt be an issue. ","That sounds wonderful, can you give me some links? I thought almost all libraries were geographicaly blocked, like Netflix. ","now that I look at these databases, it seems like many of the collections are done through over drive. you can get overdrive yourself from [here](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/overdrive-library-ebooks-audiobooks/id366869252?mt=8)\n\nas for academic databases, that might take some more digging but I'm sure it will be something hosted by Ebsco so that would be a good place to start. really depends on what subject you are interested in. I know that for literature the MLA International Bibliography is sufficient for most projects. ","I wonder why she's trying to create something that already exists, both in the private sector and via government.","There's also Hoopla, OneClickDigital and BelindaBorrowbox. If a library doesn't have Overdrive, they could have one of the other programs. ","You can rent movies from a library too but wonder why we still use Netflix.","they aren't free. The price of a library is baked into your taxes. ","Arent they called libraries?","this would be a dream come true\n","Not if it's on the internet. I could get ANY book anywhere...","libraries should make an app and sell adds on it. make it free\n","There are [Private Subscription Libraries](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subscription_library).","What's a good way to find a library with these services? My local one isn't that well off.","Ask your librarian. They'll know what services are available.  They're usually pretty well versed in the neighboring ones too. ","And you may not have to go to a different library to get stuff. Many libraries form systems and consortiums with nearby libraries and will freely ship (most) material back and forth for you. Through Worldcat we could also get stuff across the globe but that can get expensive. Maker space equipment may be harder to access but also check local colleges for those.","I still want netflix for comic book.. those damn things run 2.99 - 5.99 for one digital copy!       \n\nI know marvel has their unlimited thing, which I've considered, but Im more a DC fan when it comes to the comic universe and I'd like like to read things from Image and what not too. I would certainly pay a reasonable price for netflix like access to comicbooks. $10 to $15 I think.. or better yet, make it like $5 a month per company, that would be perfect. ","Wow! Could I print a lower receiver there for an AR15, or would you guys get all \"quiet PLEASE\" on me when I start to oper8?","You can print whatever you like. ","Yessssss ","So.. Kindle unlimited?","&gt;...they're called taxes.\n\nOut of sight, out of mind.","So amazon books","Blockbuster also mailed DVDs! But their service just didn't compare ","They also, if I recall correctly, only started doing that years after netflix did and were trying to play catchup at that point. ","My local library is 1$ a year. But i think they just do that to get your info. ","There already is Netflix for Books and its Free.\n\nIts called [readfy](https://www.readfy.com/).","So exactly like a library save for paying fees and having the books delivered. Everything old is new again. What if she patents this? Do libraries all get sued for infringement? :-/","Sounds like a shitty idea to me.","So, like the video store before Netflix, or like Netflix before streaming?","Well, yes. But that's why nobody uses video stores or old Netflix anymore. ","Old Netflix is still pretty widely used in the US, the catalog is far larger than the streaming thing.","Oh no, there are some great shows and movies, but there are a lot of movies that should be able to be rated lower than 1 star.\n\nKindle unlimited is the same, but with less gems","I don't understand Kindle unlimited. I spend so much time searching for a good book... What's the point of limiting my search to a very small selection? ","As I understand it, it's mostly to get under exposed self published authors more visibility.","Thanks for clarifying.","you can read it and every other book available for no extra charge on top of your subscription.","The do but they are often limited in terms of who can read it at once like a typical library loan. ","How do you stream a book?  Wouldn't it just be called downloading?  I guess you could download each page individually, so it would be kind of like streaming.\n\nI'm not trying to be a dick (well maybe I am?) but I dislike when words lose their meaning.  Video is streamed because you're downloading while watching it.  Wouldn't most books be finished downloading in a matter of seconds?\n\nSo rough numbers, 500 pages of text amounts to roughly a megabyte.  So maybe you'd need to stream a book back in the 28.8kbps days, but not over any connection that's relatively modern.\n\nI guess you would stream a book by not having access to the actual data file.  So you only have access per page, and it just requests each page when you ask for it.\n\nWell I just answered my own question, sorry for the rant.","&gt; \n&gt; Well I just answered my own question, sorry for the rant.\n\nThat's the *how*, now do 'why?'!","That was hilarious. You talked yourself right into the solution. Which is the correct solution, by the way. All my college textbooks are streamed to my browser 10 pages or so at a time. There's the option of downloading the full thing by \"checking it out\" for offline use, but while it's downloaded it cannot be viewed on other devices until it's \"checked in\". Since sometimes the DRM will screw up and leave you incapable of viewing the downloaded copy *or* streaming it, most people just stream the textbook and bear with it if internet issues make it difficult at times.","So like Oyster...didn't turn out too well for them.","I could dig an e-library that actually has a good selection of books. The problem with irl libraries is that unless they're a large one their selection is usually going to be garbage and a lot of popular books will already be taken out and/or be on a waiting list. And large and well stocked libraries are rare and far between.\n\nI'd sub to an e-library 100% assuming the cost isn't ridiculous.","That looks awesome! I wish we had that in Colombia :(","There are other places in the world outside of America.","Audible? Audiobooks? What is a SWOT analysis?","Now if they did this with audiobooks id soooo be game","Going to piggie back on everyone else's comments and give a shout out to libraries here in the USA. They have so many services it's a miracle it's free. Tons of digital books, shows, movies free to download. If you don't actually mind going to the library there is even more shit. Everyone should really take advantage. ","So I have to pay 8 dollar's a month for books?","I stopped at Sunny Leone.","Just like 20 other parties....","So a book store.","libraries are paid by taxes, so not really free, it's still your money unless they use donations from privates but i don't know how common that is","Very common, but that's not usually in place of taxes, that just keeps taxes lower or the libraries nicer.  Most libraries can't operate 100% on donations and endowments.\n\nBut they are free in the context of you're not paying a private membership fee and the tax is going to exist whether or not you get some other service.","The fact that publisher put artificial book life on library ebooks pisses me off, especially because it is set to 10 check out or something.","There already was one... it was called Oyster, it was Netflix for ebooks basically, and it shut down after a year or two.","Yeah, not as bad as Hulu.","Hulu's turned it around recently imo. Netflix used to dominate, but I find myself watching Hulu more now. Although it could be that I've just watched the ones that interest me on Netflix already I guess. ","Also, Drunk History.","Since I got a Hulu subscription I've almost completely stopped using Netflix. ","Do they still have ads even when you're a paid subscriber?","You can pay extra for no ads I think. ","I actually don't know about that. I mean, Hulu does have a deal with the Criterion Collection, so that already gives it a huge leg up on Netflix's ever-declining selection of quality films.","Yeah, I looked into it. Pretty poor selection.","Actually, you can get Lonely Planet travel guides on Kindle Unlimited, which is awesome if you travel a lot. ","it exists. kindle unlimited. ","There's plenty of good books, too. Yes, there's lots of shit just taking up browsing space, but I've read a few good true crimes books. *Foreign Faction* which details the most likely scenario for who killed Jon Benet Ramsay was excellent. Written by one of the former lead investigators. The case is so crazy.\n","There are good ones there, I cancelled my membership after it was too much hassle digging","So like, Amazon. Shipping actual books would be ridiculously expensive. That's why the pet food website folks all went broke in dotcom days. ","And Netflix is like Kindle unlimited, but for movies.","They already have this...it's called a kindle. They have memberships where you can download as much as you want. But seeing as it takes so long to read a book it isn't very economical unless you do nothing but read day and night.","well why didn't they just say that...","And Oyster. ","While TOI is crap, it's not *that* bad either.","My metro has an app to check out ebooks. It's not super useful because stuff is always checked out. ","Sounds dire given the stuff she's talking about building the service on. Celebs and sex in a model as commercially driven as Trad and less convenient than Kindle Unlimited. Arrive talkabout young authors and opening up publishing but no real sign of that.","Wattpad ","I think this would fail miserably due to the fact that we have things called libraries ","I'm more interested in a youtube for books.","My library has a fee .-.","So not a tax.","&gt;When the idea of Juggernaut first came to me in December 2014, I thought about what the phone can do that the book can't, and I thought Sunny Leone - delicious stories on the screen. But we're also turning her stories into a physical book\n\nWait, Sunny Leone as in the pornstar? What does she have to with this? \n\nEDIT (That I made before posting the comment): It turns out Sunny Leone is writing short-story erotica targeted for women. The distributor for this is Juggernaut (which this article is about).\n\nArticle about Sunny Leone &amp; Juggarnaut: http://www.livemint.com/Consumer/JN5wldRYVkc6McyNANqSjM/Where-fantasy-meets-fiction-Sunny-Leone-is-the-new-star.html\n\nI felt compelled to do further research since the first paragraph threw me for a loop since it felt like I had come into a conversation half-way as it was happening.","My local library has that. Great for bodice rippers and cowboy romances! Serious non-fiction, not so much.","In most libraries (in the UK) there is a charge for audiobooks, unless you are registered blind.","Not through overdrive AFAIK.","You also can't borrow e-books for kindle here either, unless you have the kindle fire. ","Pretty sure the concept is a digital service, so no not really","Or audio dot com that reads it for you ","You're right, but America is where most of the money for book publication (and most any other form of entertainment) is coming from.  Without America services aren't going to attract much high quality content or the money to pay for high quality content.\n\nAnd, at the end of the day, reddit is a mostly American site, so yes, we're talking about America.","The fact that America is where most of the money is doesn't mean that it's the only way to get enough money.\n\nPeople react to that negatively because **THEY** don't need it. But they should ask themselves if somebody else does. Nobody ever asks that.","They should ask if it's a realistic business model for attracting high end authors, not just people that can't get published elsewhere.  That's the only thing that matters if you're a content-based business.\n\nWill there be niche markets where this makes sense?  Surely.  But that's different than a large international site or being compared to \"Netflix\"","I'm just answering to the people waying \"duh, **WE** have libraries, that's useless\", acting like the world revolves around them. That is another topic.","Even in America not all Libraries have e-book services and even those that do tend to have a small e-book collection.","Except this article fucking isn't about America. It's about India. If you don't read the article and talk about things that are relevant to what is in the article then you are going to look like an idiot. ","So a pay to play library?","Quick someone call Jeff Bezos, this could be HUGE!","Never gonna happen. This is Palin, Trump, Bachman, Santorum,...country. ","I would love an e-reader with an extensive library and a pay-per-page system.\n\nLet's say 1-2 cents per page. A 500-page beast can run you five to ten dollars. A novella might cost me a buck or two. And best of all... I can \"purchase\" a book, read ten pages, decide I don't like it... and not eat the total cost.\n\nAnd if anyone says anything about pirating I'd like to remind them that there are torrents out there with thousands upon thousands of epubs and mobis packaged into a single file. And sharing locations like [REDACTED] where I can find even the newest of titles for download for free (it's not hard to find but I'll give you a clue... \"bookz\").\n\nBut those ways are annoying and include hunting and transferring and sorting and archiving and... damn it just let me *pay* for convenience! That's all we want! That's all we've ever wanted in books/movies/music!\n\nEDIT: As for the technical aspect, I'm sure there are flaws. Like you don't want a transaction for every page, that's a nightmare. Start simple. Let me buy the first chapter for however many pages it is in pennies. Then I'll continue from there. I don't know the answer but there *must* be a way.","Amazon already lets you download a sample of I'm pretty sure every eBook they offer. The others do too, I believe. \n\nAs to a per page thing, that's never going to happen. There's no way publishers are going to price an academic textbook the same as a Stephen King novel. Per page isn't really the best metric, I think we'd just be ending with 2000 page sprawling novels of crap instead.","There were 2 services that did this - one was called Oyster, the other one I forgot the name. They both launched and failed immediately within the last year or so. They had all kinds of books, not just old ones or unpopular ones too. ","Why do libraries even have computers any more?","So that people who can't afford internet access can use it for non-porn purposes. Like job applications.","Aren't there internet cafés where you live?","Not in my suburb, but internet cafes cost money anyway. ","You have to pay for those. This whole thread is about the fact that libraries are free.","What year is this.","1994","Even people on the dole can afford internet access. They certainly all seem to have internet-capable phones, too.","It really depends on how much other support they have. I live in a sharehouse and have savings that are covering the difference between my 'dole' and my rent and other expenses (including internet) while I look for work. So I am lucky I guess. I am really glad I don't have to go to a public library. \n\nImo they have long since become internet cafes specialising in homeless people.","That's a big assumption, there are lots of people without Internet access and phones. At my library I see a lot of elderly people, some of whom might not use a computer enough to buy one at home, and lots of kids doing schoolwork, so maybe their family doesn't have one? I occasionally use the library computers to print as well, since I don't have a home printer. ","Not all of them, and since you need email access and a phone number to apply for many jobs, a cheap smartphone is a good option. But a lot of job application websites are absolute shit on mobile, if they work at all, so a library is a good resource.","Because everyone doesn't have a computer? Because everyone doesn't have a printer? Because it's helpful for research?","Who doesn't have a computer or at least an internet-capable mobile phone? Not enough people to warrant the expenditure on providing computers for them from the public purse.\n\nI can understand the printer thing, though. I don't actually know many folk who own one of *those*.\n\n","Poor people, children, the homeless, etc.\nIt's also fialry quiet, a good place to get away from distractions, and it helps out with researching AT the library.  ","Because access to the Internet is a public good.  It's almost required to be able to send and receive emails to search for a job and submit resumes.  Our job is to improve the community and allowing everyone access to the Internet does that. ","1. To find things in digital databases that are not accessible outside the library.\n\n2. To use the electronic card catalog.\n\n3. To write crap/take notes from the databases and articles, especially if you cannot remove any of the material or print it.\n\n4. To give wider access to information to the general public, which is something librarians really care about.","Well, where else would homeless people find their free porn? ","I hope she publishes books in Indian languages too. That's where Amazon is lacking in India. That's where Juggernaut can excel. ","Additional options are nice. I love libraries, I go once a week with my daughter. The problem is though, if you live in a populated area there are massive waiting lists for books. \n\nAs an example, this winter I tried to rent Hyperion by Dan Simmons. The book has been out since 1989 and there were 12 people ahead of me on the waiting list. I'd probably have to wait almost a year for that book if a library were my only option.","My library always has ridiculous waiting periods for any book worth reading. You can sign up to get an email when the book is available but you can only rent so many books at a time so if I'm already in the middle one I'm shit out of luck and back on the waiting list. ","So Amazon unlimited? ","Google Overdrive Media and see if your local library uses that service.","Like a library, but less convenient. ","Now if they did this with audiobooks id sooo be game.","Don't we already have Kindle unlimited?","From what I've seen the US version is the only worthwhile one. Unlimited Canada is garbage and doesn't even have Canadian bestsellers","From what I've seen the US version is the only worthwhile one. Unlimited Canada is garbage and doesn't even have Canadian bestsellers","Not the same. You often have to wait weeks in order to get a popular book or one that isn't in your local library, and the selection isn't always that diverse. And not all libraries offer ebooks.","&gt; You often have to wait weeks in order to get a popular book or one that isn't in your local library, and the selection isn't always that diverse.\n\nActually libraries can get a book in for you from any other library within their system usually within 7 days.\n\n","The library networks are what I'm referring to, and not all are the same. Even at 7 days, that is quite a bit different from instantly, which is what her company wants to do.\n\nAlso, libraries carry movies. Your original statement is about as ridiculous as saying \"what's the point of Netflix if you can get your movies from libraries or video rental stores.\"","Plus, Netflix doesn't get big movies the day they are released to DVD. You have to wait for that too. ","Or more accurately Amazon Prime Lending Library","You're asking a lot of someone who obviously didn't read anything except the headline.","They already have this...it's called a kindle. They have memberships where you can download as much as you want. But seeing as it takes so long to read a book it isn't very economical unless you do nothing but read day and night.","I listen to audio books 40 hours a week at work. It's very economical for me.","Amazon is mainly a distributor, this is a publisher, if amazon wants too, they can carry the books commission by Juggernaut.","theyre just pointing out that whatever it is that this is supposed to be, it already exists. (so this article painting it as the \"netflix of books\" is sort of fantastical)","That's the point was I was making. Funny enough the kindle icon is next to the Netflix icon on my iPad. \n\nIn case people aren't aware. kindle is also software not just a type of tablet. The software is incredible. Not only can you adjust the size of the font, but you can switch to publisher. Doing so formats the books as it was in print. Also it save all your books and makes a virtual library with everything I've downloaded (saving your notes and place in each). Also all classic books are free.","ya i know, i was responding to /u/arandomdane","What?? Amazon has a HUGE [publishing business](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amazon_Publishing).  This is in addition to their self-publishing platforms, which have literally revolutionized the business.  ","It doesn't take long to read a book if you quit after page 25 because it sucks.\n\nIf you're picky about what you read and start several books before finding one you want to finish, it's a much better deal.","It also isn't very economical because most books actually worth reading aren't on it.","So kindle unlimited? ","[deleted]","Sounds great, grandpa. Audio books are great for people who are in solitude for a majority of the day. I paint a whole lot, and would rather listen to Stephen King, or some O'Conner, instead of music for 8 hours straight. ","Some library near me (I'm thinking either Portland or Seattle) offers limited amounts of tickets to performances along with museums and things like that. \n\nThat kind of blew my mind with awesomeness.","That's such an awesome perk! ","It really does sounds awesome. I imagine it is crazy hard to get, though.","Yeah, it probably is. The ones available where I live sell out fast, especially during March break, Christmas, and in the summer. The only way to snag the primo passes is to wait outside the library a half hour before they open on the day they refresh their stock... Getting up early on a Saturday morning is hard work. ","There are pay libraries... so it's like a library...","Can you also get soup?","They have a cute subsidised coffee shop there where I believe you can, yes! ","Well, I'm sold.","So, a [subscription library](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subscription_library).","A delivery fee?","Have Libraries really been extinct so long that people are proposing the idea like its new?","My library has a damn impressive e-book collection. Every book I could ever think of. Just waiting for it to be available is a pain in the ass. ","Can't u just go to the library?","You mean a library? ","You stole my line.\n\nKudos to you.","So kindle unlimited?","Maybe in America they do but not in most parts of the world and certainly not all their books. Google tried and they were shut down because of copyright infringement. This woman is doing it the legit way.","So, like... Amazon? They did books long before they did movies.","It was sarcasm","[deleted]","Bit late. https://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/4g7vk2/the_woman_who_is_trying_to_create_a_netflix_for/d2fb97h","Amazon has another service, Kindle Unlimited, for that.","Which is not included in Amazon Prime--which the comment originally stated.","Eh, didn't see your comment was a reply.","Amazon Prime doesn't have a monthly option or include any sort of book benefits.\n\nEdit: Amazon Prime is yearly and includes Prime Video which you can get on it's own monthly. Amazon Prime is not monthly.","Yes it does.","Yup, I have to pay to renew my card occasionally (not that its expensive that this would be). ","Free in the USA","&gt; No library I've heard of charges a fee.\n\nTake a look at this article about [membership libraries](http://qz.com/592459/the-secret-world-of-membership-libraries/). These are private, non-profit libraries that charge subscription fees for access to the collection. They generally come from a time when free libraries didn't really exist.","Hell yes, I love those comics! I still have a box of them somewhere.\n\nI remember an old wives tale about not drinking fluid when eating. No idea where that originated.","It's perfect for all the avid readers who don't already own an eReader, Library Card, Apple Books, or Google Books membership!","How the fuck did she come up with the idea of stockpiling multiple items of a similar sort together??? I mean, everyone has seen a book but it's not like it's common to see a bunch of them lined up together on a shelf or something.\n\nSame goes for digital versions of things.  Usually you have to go to different sites to see content of the same type.  For example, if you're into watching video content, it's not like YouTube exists.\n\nIt's fucking revolutionary thinking to make things conveniently available together.  Not sure why we aren't lauding this visionary woman with more praise.","A great app is called Over Drive. All you need is a library card. You'll never have to leave your house again.","Oh for fucks sake!! Why didn't I think of that!?","I think it could work to bring books to a netflix type format. Maybe the library itself could offer it as a premium service, with government funding. I think most of the authors would make more money and the user would be able to have a nice interface which will help them pick their next book based on interests and have the reviews for it as well. ","Okay.. No thanks","Yea that was my thought too ... it's amazon.  ","Netflix wasn't an online service when it started. They would mail DVDs to you, and you'd send them back when you were done watching. It was a movie rental service like Blockbuster, but with a much better selection, and much cheaper if you watched a lot of movies (subscription based instead of pay as you go).\n\nThe streaming part of Netflix came years later.","Apologies, your right (in fact, I only have Netflix DVD at my house), but the same applies.  BB didn't have that.","The ones that charge fees are called Subscription Libraries. They are rare but they still exist.","I think she's a few hundred years late","Look wider.  American doesn't have many pay libraries (but they exist) other countries do have them. \n\nWe're very lucky to live in countries that don't charge for access to a wide variety of books, but it's not the only manner.","Stupidly simple things i wish i thought of lol","So like, audible?","Username checks out","&gt; Indian parents would consider anything not directly related to education / future career a waste of time\n\nAre you talking about decades ago?","Max 20 years ago? Sure! It didn't start changing until around when Harry Potter got popular. I remember multiple relatives asking me to bring copies when I visited. A few years later you started seeing parents buying novels for their kids.","I was visiting India when book 7 came out. I had to wait a week and avoid the internet and the newspaper with the huge spoiler-y review, until we visited an uncle in a city that had a big enough bookstore to sell Harry Potter. I read that copy in two days, and then it got passed around to all my cousins.\n\nBut my grandfather on that side of the family used to be a headmaster, and taught English, so they've always been a bit more literary.","Maybe, but I still think most Indian parents are more focused on studies than enjoyment. It's damn hard to buy books in India still, especially with the unofficial moral police proclaiming everything non-religious to be against \"Indian values\". ","I loved Oyster. I'm still mourning its death. I read so many books on it. ","Taxes, yo. Ain't no free lunch","No. A publisher that will commission books, some for electronic distribution only. ","I'd call it Netflips.","Obligatory: came here to say that. ","Damn, my library is just a couple of isles of book and two really old computers.","As long as you have a library card you can access Overdrive &amp; download e books for a time.","Same with mine! They really try hard in my district, but it seems to pay off. They were very busy yesterday. ","[removed]","It's called HBO Now.","[\"It's not porn, it's HBO\"](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=EUBiOOx0Pxw) nsfw kinda","Hasn't it always been called HBO?","Thats dickflix","I read sunny leone. I closed the browser","Amazon Prime? It does now!","Okay, sounds nice... but in the present moment of this incredible media hype, it's just a new publisher with limited content pushing an app that does what a hundred other apps already do - i.e., put reading content on your phone for a small fee.  That's fine, the more the merrier.  Doesn't make it \"Netflix for books\" though.","Yeah, that's fair. I want a real, full-scale online library for India, like Overdrive but at a price point that would actually work in India."," Shoulder something I don't to stand why are you so negative regarding the idea it's a good search but there's always a room for improvement to just chill out ","LOL I think your robot interpreter is malfunctioning.\n\nI'm not being negative.  I'm just observing that the presentation and the reaction are both extremely overblown.  I am always on the side of new publishing efforts.","Or you know what Amazon and Scribd and Oyster have been trying to do? SO REVOLUTIONARY.","We all pay library fees. Well us tax payers do.","Next thing you know she will take a clock apart and remake it in a shitty fashion and claim she built a clock","You know what'd be good though? *Reassembling* a clock. That'd make good television.","well at least my internet won't take much of a hit :P","You sound like an ad.  \n\nAnyway this doesn't seem anything like Amazon Prime or Netflix.  As far as I can tell, it's just an app that gives you a daily erotic story, and offers a tiny selection of other content, offered by a small publisher who works in both digital and print (like every other publisher on earth does).   The media attention (and social media reaction) seems pretty overblown.","&gt; media attention\n\n*India Times*","That was my first thought, so yeah.","Libraries don't have a huge electronic selection though\n\nEdit: for real? You folks think some town in Kansas has a good eBook collection? What about a town in North Texas? Yeah? Then keep downvoting me if you think I'm wrong, I suppose.","Can't speak for every library, but in my area it does","Seattle has a good amount, but not nearly the scale I would like.","...But online libraries are already being used on small scales, other than that most e-books are really cheap. Also, doesn't kindle already have a \"borrow your book\" thing for a week thing? ","I get that the big joke here is that \"Oh wait, it already exists: it's a library.\" \n\nBut libraries (to my knowledge) don't deliver to you instantaneously. So my question would be, how is this much different from Kindle Unlimited? ","My library actually has an e-book system you can access online and have it delivered instantly. I understand that not all libraries do though.","That's actually really cool! Where is that, if you don't mind my asking?","Prince William County, VA. Never actually used it though, so no idea how well it works or how well stocked it is.","No? What's the point? \n\nOr better yet, hollow a hardcover book &amp; put the Kindle in there!","Netfloox","Subscribed a few times to Unlimited and the choices are absolute crap.","Amazon already has this. Kindle Unlimited. $9.95/mo","Plenty of libraries charge fees:\n\nhttps://www.ieee.org/membership-catalog/","I never heard anyone say that about Netflix. When it first got started, I heard \"Cool. Fuck Blockbuster.\"","done before\n\nhttps://www.gutenberg.org/","The benefits of a system like this is seeing less professionals and more hobbyists. That's why I love sundance, it's a bunch of hobbyists who want to create the art and some want to be big, who doesn't but it saved movie watching for me after my mom killed mainstream movies for me (you can only see every pirates, harry and twi film SO MANY times before you wanna die).\n\nBring on the NETFLIX OF BOOK.","Some has to tell her about \"stealing\".","Great service for people under 18.","well said!","All you guys are complaining about the fee but for me I've rated so many Netflix movies that it knows me better then my wife. Rarely does it miss in what is recommended/4-5 stars. \n\nI think something like a rating system/ algorithm to help people find books would be brilliant. There's such a time commitment with books and I often finish mediocre books because I'm hoping there will be a twist ending or something.","I don't think Netflix does DVDs anymore. I don't know why people need the \"hard cover book\" in their hand, what is the point of that? It's words - the words are all that matter. Why would you spend money, wait for a hard-cover book to come in the mail (that you can't even mark on or highlight, mind you) when you can pay less money and have your book immediately available (among hundreds) and carry it wherever you want in your pocket?\n\nMakes WAY more sense. This is obviously going to fail. ","So why not a Kindle? I'm not trying to downplay her efforts, but really is it necessary when there are solutions out there?","A Kindle costs a lot. Almost everybody in India already has cheap mobile phones (if not data service - but that's solvable by swapping in someone else's SIM for a moment to download a book).\n\nAn e-reader would definitely be a better alternative if it were cost effective. There is in fact [a program aimed towards kids in Africa, for donating Kindles](http://www.worldreader.org/). It looks like they actually also have a mobile app now, so that's pretty cool.","Have you all not heard of kindle unlimited? 9.99 for millions of books with audible naration.","Yeah we have this. I work at one, its called a Library. We also have free apps where you can download ebooks and have them returned with out a overdue fee called Overdrive -- all free. \n\n","Which is why amazon bought them","Nice advertisement and sponsored content","Audible is kinda like Netflix. Netflix charges a flat fee for unlimited access to titles. Audible doesn't give unlimited access to all titles but rather they give you a credit every month that can be redemed for one title. ","Another win for Indian innovation. What next? The Train?","lol its times of India which is basically the Indian Fox News but much worse. They'll advertise a shitty startup every week, 99 percent of them never make and this well never make it because it's a shitty fucking idea. ","There is this cool thing called project Guttenberg.com which is constantly being uploaded with scans from books. Gutenberg handles alot of classics but ive had to go to spinoff sites like project cyberpunk when I wanted to read Neuromancer. Totally free. \n\nYou would be surprised to see how much text gets uploaded illegally onto the internet if you just google it","No one said this because it was obvious that Netflix provided a major service Blockbuster did not. It's unclear how that's the case here. ","Meet the amazing person who wants to profit on the countless hours of labour of academics, scientists, writers and poets that died in poverty.","No one is making fun of this for being a library.  People are making fun of this for calling it \"netflix for books\". \n\nShe's doing a wonderful job but this is just a stupid way to present the idea.  \"Digital libraries\" are great.  You don't need to sell it as \"Netflix for books\".  That just sounds dumb and ignores the issue. ","It's kind of fair to say like Kindle Unlimited. You pay a periodic fee and during that period you gain access to the entire catalogue. Blockbuster had a different distribution model from Netflix, and that was the *only* way they differed.\n\nIn the article, Chiki Sarkar mentions a blurb about a limited catalogue of physical books, but it seems that her interest is in digital distribution, and it's no surprise because digital is more scalable and efficient for the company, which can pass down as potential savings for the customer. Google could also compete in this realm as they already have the infrastructure set up, and they recently got the legal go-ahead to continue digitizing books. They simply don't have a subscription model like Amazon.\n\nI think something important to discuss with regards to competing against Amazon, and why Google might not be doing as well, is that having an internet-accessible catalogue of books for a periodic fee might not be enough, because people might not like reading over their existing range of devices. So Amazon releases a range of devices starting at what costs like 3-5 books, with free 3G service available in many places around the world.","It's called Kindle Unlimited...","Oh, this:\n\n&gt; The idea is - Can the physical and digital talk to each other? Can I take the knowledge of who is going to buy our books on the phone and sell them other books?\n\nWhaaaa?","So are we going to pretend there is no such thing as Kindle Prime or Kindle Unlimited. \n\nVery Happy that so many Arthur C. Clarke are on there. The space odyssey ended up pretty good! 3001 took me a little to get into but it really tied the story together","Actually, there are private libraries that do charge fees. That even used to be a common model a couple of centuries ago. I'm sure Google can relieve you of the burden of not knowing things. ;)","[deleted]","Fine, n.:\n\n[A **fee** levied as punishment for breaking the law.](http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/fine)","Soooo... This exists in so many ways already.","Funny, I was around then, and I don't remember anyone saying that.  And if anyone did, I want some of what they were smoking.","[deleted]","I'm fairly sure when Netflix came out with their service no one said 'like Blockbuster', as their whole operating model of shipping DVD's to your home for a nominal fee, was very different than Blockbuster's exorbitant fee approach. Not even mentioning their complete differentiation when they started their streaming service. Source: been a proud Netflix customer since the start.","[deleted]","Your comparison was just very broad, all I'm saying. IMO the service within the context for India seems like a good thing,  but it is on no way a very 'original' idea as the article states.","It's an original idea *in India*. ","Another one that saw the clickbate title but not the content.\n\nNetflix / amazon are mainly distributors. This is a publisher that will commission books, some for electronic distribution only.","or Project Gutenberg ","ITT like a library?","The library. ","I feel like the first four posts in this thread have said everything that needs to be said about this idea.","I have a legit question.  \n\nAre you planning on starting in the states only and expanding later to Canada, Europe and then the rest of the world? \n\nBecause I'll tell you this right now, the rest of the world would very much appreciate being included earlier so we don't have to VPN just to use your service.  ","This was my first thought ","Just a regular Canadian public library ","I borrow e-books from my library and listen to them using Overdrive on my phone. Just finished Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. Read by Martin Freeman.","You know what's more important than this car in my garage: Knowledge.","Maybe we can call it iTunesFlix ?","You mean a library?","A lot of libraries allow out of district membership for a fee.  Plus university libraries (student fee), membership libraries, etc. that people have mentioned.  ","&gt; When I went to India as a kid, the only libraries we ever saw were on college campuses, and the selection of books that weren't textbooks was very meager. \n\nSo... How are these places going to get Internet service if they can't get books? ","If you're being serious, it's kind of because India hasn't followed the same pathway of development as many western countries. Some things have jumped ahead because of the adoption of new technology, and some have not.\n\nSo wireless internet through (sometimes very slow) mobile networks, is available throughout the country (but expensive), even as you deal with not having electrical power consistently all day every day. And there's internet cafes in a lot of places.","She's a woman being all entreprenual and shit so it's novel and we should respect it tho...even though it's a library. /s","But with a much bigger selection and no DVDs. I'm kind of shocked how inconvenient DVDs have become over the years. I just don't want to mess with physical movies anymore. ","So maybe there's room for a \"Netflix for books\" that likewise has a bigger selection, and offers greater convenience. I love libraries, but I'm still willing to spend money on books. ","Netflix still sends DVDs. ","Library selection, depending on location, is probably much better than Netflix except for the current season of Netflix originals. And depending on the library you can have streaming movies through hoopla with no DVDs.","I live in East side Seattle. You would think the DVD selection would be pretty big hear, it is Seattle area. But it's actually pretty small. Seattle public library has a much bigger selection. And most libraries I've been in in rural America only have a few titles that are really old. ","How is this some crazy innovative idea?\n","No. They didn't. You do realize there are plenty of people who were alive at the time? ","Im pretty sure thats called a kindle library.","Except a library would be a lot more limited than an online source. And there is no borrowing problem. You can't have a book completely borrowed out if it's online.","Yeah, they have that. It's called the Kindle Lending Library and Kindle Unlimited. \n\nOh, yeah, and a regular library, too. \n\nHonestly, what's she thinking?!","So if kindle unlimited can offer audiobooks on a listen as much as you want for a flat rate fee, why do I only get one book a month and have to pay for any others on audible... ","It should be noted for fairness sake that my library also has a wide selection of video games available. And I live in a small city riddled with crime, in a state where we regularly thank Mississippi for being worse than us in national statistics. Library's nice though.","So... new Orleans? ","Alot of university libraries does this as well;Or at least mine do. \n\n","And before Netflix it was called Blockbusters. What's your point? ","DRM books have existed for like 15 years now.","If I was able to 'rent' e-books and not be on some ridiculous waiting list for every book I was interested in like I am with my library's app I would pay for this. It would be hard to keep the cost low. I figure with my baby I would maybe read a book or two a month so I wouldn't be willing to pay more than it would cost to just buy the books. ","ever wondered why they restrict it based on if you go to the university or live in the area? Because you are paying for it in taxes or tuition. \n\nBut correct, that is different than a fee. ish.","So... Not Kindle ","This is not a news story. Just shitty clickbait because *gasp* it's compared to Netflix - something only my 12 year old niece would get excited about. ","I think I might have said that, too. ","I remember a service called Oyster that died out that was suppose to be the same thing."," #Nottheonion","How about a Netflix for textbooks","This is a shitty idea. Books couldn't be more available online already. She is just coming up with a bad model to make money. Go to a fucking library or use the Google store. ","I'd try it. Can't afford to buy books, the local library is bad, and Amazon whatever it is now is too expensive. Not all books are available for torrent it sucks. ","I've never had an issue ever in finding the free digital version of any book.  They are all available. Please set me a challenge! ","Koji Suzuki's translated works come to mind. Also, Edmund Bourne's self help books. I only found one. If you can find them explain what I'm doing wrong! ","See pm.","thought this was an onion article for a sec","Yeah but they ceased operation, apparently. Which is sad because they had a great selection, imo, better than kindle unlimited. ","My library in Poland had music CDs. So much ripping...","I took a job 3 hours away from my wife and kids,  we are prepping out house for the nice and I drive back every weekend.  Overdrive has been a life saver.","Amazon prime does this with their kindles","She looks way hotter in the tumbnail.","I second you bro .. I was thinking the same thing .. ","like amazon? or audible? or hell just a library?  am I missing something?","You pay taxes,  right?  You paid your fee.","That's not a fee. That's a tax. A fee is voluntary. A tax is imposed.","&gt; A fee is voluntary. A tax is imposed.\n\nNot always. Late *fee*, for example. A library can refuse to loan material if you have late fees on your account.\n\nDoes this mean the late fee is both voluntary (you don't have to pay it if you don't want to borrow anymore) and imposed?","You agreed, when you borrowed the item, that you can have it for X time, and anything beyond X time would incur a fee of Y every Z.\n\nYes, it was voluntary.  You chose to borrow the book and not return it on time.","Donations are voluntary. ","[deleted]","does your library force you to pay the late fees?","If you want any more books, they do.","that's when you get a new card","Ha, they check for this. That's why if a library is worth its salt, they use another identifying feature about you like your drivers license ID number. Proof of ID is required to get a card.","It's a short duration interest free loan, past that you're paying a flat interest rate...  as a penalty for violating the terms and agreements.  \n\nIt's the same thing as public local roads, it's free to use (subsidize by taxes), but when you speed, double park, or etc, you violate the terms and get penalized for it.  The fee for use is still imposed, but that doesn't cover penalties for violations of terms.  Penalties doesn't equal membership fees, they're two separate things.","So like how all roads are toll roads, because then were paid for by my taxes. Same with Police, garbage collection, etc. \n\nTrue in a sense, if our goal is to complain about taxes, but not useful in any other way I can think of. If I'm driving some place, and want to know if I need to pay a toll on this road or that, I'm going to be pretty pissed if the person giving me direction just goes on about how they are *all* toll roads because of taxes.","but this spin-off conversation that  you are participating in is specifically about how this service is charging a fee to make money to run, as compared to a library that collects money from taxes (even from those who aren't using the library) in order to have the money to run. We are not discussing how to read a book. It seems relevant.\n\nA potential point that could be made is that in this tech era, a brick and mortar library is actually out of date and a waste of tax money if we can have services like this available to and paid for by those who choose to use it. This is relevant not only to the original post but also to how and where to read a book (in light of your asking for directions comment).","I don't think paper books are obsolete, nor do I think brick and mortar libraries are obsolete. I strongly believe that libraries are far from a waste of tax money, and if anything would like to see them receive more support. I think that there are many people who benefit from free access to books (and other services libraries provide), who would not think to pay for a similar for-profit service. I would fight strongly against the privatization of libraries. \n\nI would also wonder if you could state your opinion clearly, instead of keeping it behind a \"potential point that could be made\", as that always seems to me a dishonest and intentionally ambiguous way of stating an opinion.\n\n**edit:** typo","I also do not think libraries or paper books are currently obsolete and I didn't say that was my opinion because it was not.\n\nMy opinion and or comment was:\n\n\nI think I read your comment as saying that it would be like asking someone for directions and them answering that the roads are paid with tolls.... which is not what you said. So my bad. I interpreted your statement as implying that it is not relevant to the conversation, or that it is being picky in a non-useful way to make a point about whether this new Netflix-style service for accessing books gets its money from charged fees or from taxpayer money as libraries do. You even used an example comparing it to asking for directions on how to get somewhere, and the answer given being that roads are paid for by tolls. I believe now that I misunderstood this statement slightly and honestly am sort of confused by it. \n\n\nI am stating, clearly now, that I think the conversation going on here is absolutely related to how this upstart company is going to get money to function and succeed, and about that difference between fees and taxpayer money, as libraries would be one of it's number one competitors. The OP is likely worried about how that will work out. People posting seem confused about the difference in in sourcing money. And also, it is an interesting difference in how the same sort of information can be funded from different places. \n\n\nI do get what you are saying that it is kind of a short and dick-ish response to just say \"you pay taxes right?\" but it is true. We are paying for the book service one way or another. if someone starts by saying \"it like neflix but free\" which is also a quick and reddit style comment, then the response isn't really out of place.  \n\nThen I made a conversational connection to further mock how even this here book conversation could even be related to getting directions more-so than the hypothetical question/answer you created. I meant to imply that if the argument shifted to being about the location people go to get books in this modern era (*which is also relevant and happening very much so, regardless of how you or I feel about brick and mortar libraries full of paper books that are often empty or downsizing*) from libraries to the internet, people could \"give you directions\" to a new place (like this book service we are all here talking about) to get your books. The could tell you this instead of telling you how the books were paid for as you obviously aren't interested in that. \n\nThat was a poor attempt at making a wordy joke, and for that I apologize. And now that I re-read your post I am not sure any of my words really apply :) :)\n\nI would love it if libraries received more support as well. But I do think that they need to expand on services like Overdrive and accessibility features to stay relevant, and that there is a huge opening right now for companies like audible/kindle (or similar) to step in and capitalize more on educational uses like textbooks, teaching material and the sort as schools are moving more towards computers and iPads in a generation of mobile screen hungry youths. If this were the case it does not really seem far fetched for something like this to get government funding or tax dollars. Hopefully, though, for the sake of nostalgia and my grade school memories, libraries can stay competitive for years to come. That or they should save all their books for when they come back again at ridiculous prices to hipsters, like vinyl is now ;)","I'd fuck her.","Please 🙏🏼 I'll love this ","tbh thought it would be more like someone reading the book to you as you watch/listen to it on tv, like an audiobook","Source of audiobook for 9.99? ","i see you're not that familiar with KU. KU fucking sucks and thank God you can do a free trial to really get a feeling for the shittiness. It's like endless amateur fucking writing. I'd rather read a blog about gluten free diets and how to put raffia paper around a fucking jar than just about anything on KU.","Doesnt amazon do this already? We got books with our prime membership. Now Netflix for porn.. waiting on that and maybe netflix for video games like online but with fun games.","There are no video games at the libraries I go to.  They do lend out a machine that has Netflix on it though.  I think it was a Roku but it might have been a different brand.","Talk to your library's director! You might be very surprised to find them willing to make more purchases if a visitor informs them that they are struggling to gain access to the content they want. ","Don't blame the library for that. Blame the publishers ","They did, and but we have digital libraries already, we have libraries already.  Calling it \"netflix for books\" is ignoring what already has been done.  Both Overdrive and Kindle Unlimited are there.  \"Digitial libraries\" perfectly explains what it is.  So why call it \"Netflix\" when it's not.  It's like concepts we already have.","ay bb want me to slytherin in ur dumbledore n make you hufflepuff?","This is in INDIA. Astonishingly outside of the USA there are other countries. These countries do not have the same access to things as in the USA. Also the exchange rate is often a huge barrier to accessing things like Amazon. So when you are finished demonstrating your total ignorance of anything non-US I have ten brownie points for someone in the US who knows where India is without Googling it. ","So this is cool, but I'm a little sad to see my idea has already been implemented. I've been taking to a few people about how I'd go about starting this up. ","Netflix works the same way.  They negotiate with the owners of works based on expected number of views.  The owners can decide whether the Netflix deal would provide them with more revenue from that work than selling it through other channels.  In many cases the answer is yes.\n\nThis is why 1) not all works are available on Netflix and 2) even the ones that are available are time-limited.  In a few months, they might be replaced by others.\n\n","This is clickbait PR for their mobile app.  She's a traditional book publisher that sells books via an app on your phone.  This is nothing remotely like Netflix.","I guess that's how it's done in the US. I definitely have to pay an annual fee to get a library card, although sitting and reading in the library is free.","My experience is the same (libraries are free) in Australia, the UK and the US."," As a library employee I just wanna tell everyone to please please please get a library card. Lots of government areas fucking with our budgets and they are greatly needed. Just because you don't go to the library doesn't mean that thousands of others do not. ","[deleted]","I am not wise; I have led this village to destruction due to my lack of wisdom.","Taxes?  Mine has a line item on my property taxes.  ","Oh i didn't know that. I never used the app I just knew it existed. ","The woman who had an entirely unoriginal idea, no innovation on implimentation, whose friends told her she was a genius, who had enough money to throw at the unoriginal idea, and who will be forgotten in two months.","[deleted]","People living in rural areas don't exactly have libraries down the street. ","The title is literally called \"The woman who is trying to create a Netflix for books.\" Not a \"blockbuster for books,\" you moron. When is the last time you went to a \"netflix\" to rent a book? When was the last time a library mailed you a book that you choose online? Your joke is stupid and makes no sense. ","Ouch my feelings. ","But VC-backed. It's *completely* different!","Fuck man, I had this idea like 3 years ago but when I told my friends about it they all shit on it so I just let it go","Can't wait to read the 3rd book in a series cause the rest are not available, or for the book to suddenly disappear while i'm half way through because the licens ran out... yeah no, try to strive to be better than Netflix...\n\nDon't get me wrong, Netflix is the best there is on the streaming market, it's just still really really bad...","Amazon has a subscription based book program called Kindle unlimited. Unlimited books/audiobooks for 10 bucks. But I get the same thing free at my local library's overdrive program so I'm not pushing for a sub anytime soon.","It can easily be either.\n\nI've worked for a city library system (300,000-ish people) where you had to be in the county that the city was legally located in. People who lived in the city (according to the post office), but in a neighboring county had to pay the non-resident fee.\n\nI currently work for a city/county library (serves both since a merger over a decade ago; 25,000-ish people) where as long as you live in the county or have a card at one of the other consortium libraries, you don't pay the non-resident fee.","What is that card??","[Texshare](https://www.tsl.texas.gov/texshare/card). From the looks of it, it is just a more direct way of doing interlibrary loans of physical books (which normally require you to request it from your home library, then they call the lending library who will try to ship at their convenience, and so forth). Late fees and such get transferred to your home library, and you don't get access to Overdrive or other digital media from other libraries.","It also looks like it's primarily a way for the Texas State Library to cover the cost of the postage fees for mailing items between libraries. \n\nSure media rate is pretty cheap as far as mailing heavy stuff goes, but it can also really add up for libraries, especially the little ones that would probably benefit the most from something like this.","Texshare. You can get it in your local library. I think you can check out books from universoties too. I used to do that to take out books from my uni when I wasn't enrolled.\n\nIt's free if I remember correctly.","If only I found even one book from my wishlist in it. Nope, not one. ","Also a woman, so I’m not sure what your problem is (actually, most of the English-speaking world knows exactly what you redditors’ problem is).","Scribd recently changed so that you can only get 3 books per month, sort of like they were doing already with audiobooks. ","20 DVDs for only $1 when you sign up for Columbia House! \n\nThis was my college movie collection. ","Late fees.","Speaking of late fees.\nWe had a house fire, 2 of the 3 books we borrowed were badly damaged, the other was destroyed (couldn't find it) we brought the 2 books, pictures and a report taken by the fire department to the library in hopes they would excuse the cost to replace the books. No, still had to pay around $50 bucks.\n\n","Why would you expect them to excuse the fee to replace the books?","Usually if something happens to library material that's out of the customer's control, like a fire, or theft, we will waive fees. I would have waived OP's fee, since they brought proof. The main exception is if a customer has notes in their account that they do this a lot.","To be fair, there's a difference between what you will do and what should be *expected*","It's a misconception that libraries make a lot of money off of these late fees and replacement fees. It's a relatively small percentage of revenue generated and for our system, we don't even keep most of it since the county views it as general funds and it gets spread out over all the other agencies. So I would have no problem waving this one time. I'd make a note in their account so if their house \"Burns down\" again or something else out of the norm, then it might be a sticking point on not doing it again.","Mostly out of sympathy, I guess.\n\n","I work at a library and we waive fees for situations like this with proof. I guess it just depends on where you are but that sucks ","Ah, that's too bad. Had a similar issue when I was 12. House fire, 10 library books destroyed beyond repair. No sweat, sorry to hear about that, nothing to pay. That said, I think the fact that they were on a minor ticket probably helped because I imagine they budget for kids destroying books (they also don't have late fines on their kid books).","They were kids books too. ","Part of our local library flooded, including the books we returned and we were still charged for them. ","How does that happen? The flood wasn't your fault.","Since they can't tell what was in the return box things need to be replaced apparently. I am not quite sure how badly it was flooded but   I'm pretty sure they probably have security footage of the return box since it was the one right by the front door. They also apparently penalized people for returning stuff to their other branch while the main one was closed to repair water damage. I don't get why that would be an issue either. ","If you have insurance you could maybe report it under lost property (making sure the insurance agency has full knowledge that the books belonged to the library) and they may cover the cost of the books.","At the time of the fire, the library books were the last things on our mind.\n(I was at work, my wife and 2 boys were trapped. A neighbor had to break the window, put a ladder through and get everyone out that way)","My next startup is a Twitch for books.","I live outside the limits of my city. Since I don't pay city tax, I have to pay a fee to get a library card.","You lot have such weird systems of local government.","Its called taxes","You know libraries offer video games now","Ugh... I hate this.. \n\n\"Netflix\" at least digitally wanted to be like a library.  Netflix for book is called a library.  Please stop trying to be \"hip\" and call it netflix for books, because it's just dumb.   \n\nEven if you want to be like Netflix' dvd delivery it's still a different version of a LIBRARY. not like \"netflix.\"\n\nShe wants to educate India and provide books, neither are bad things.  Just stop trying to push this idea of \"netflix for books\" as if it's some new concept.  Overdrive and Kindle unlimited have both been there for years.  \"Digital library\" makes sense and has taken hold.  And it's a far better term than \"netflix for books\". ","People often work by putting things in relation to other points of reference, especially when one isn't fully acquainted with the subject matter yet, hence the above title.","Yes these other points of reference, called LIBRARIES.. And DIGITAL LIBRARIES?  Why am I repeating myself? \n\nBoth are far easier concepts to understand than \"netflix for books\" and neither are mentioned in the article.  Libraries exist, digital libraries exist.  So why go off on some awful \"point of reference\" when we already have terms that perfectly encapsulate what she wants to do?","No just like Netflix isn't a video store.","This doesn't make sense to me. In electric library should be vastly cheaper to run than a traditional library. Why do we keep paying more money for things as they become cheaper?\n\nPhysical libraries require a ton of space, people to catalog the books, books are not returned/lost/damaged and need to be replaced. Most of these things go away with digital books.","Ask the publishers why they insist on charging the same/just a dollar or two cheaper for e-books than physical books. I think it's silly too.\n\nBut libraries will probably always be cheaper because they're subsidized by everyone in your area through taxes, whether they use them or not. Services like Netflix are only paid for by their subscribers. Although to be honest I don't know what the average cost of a library through taxes is -- I know the library I want to sign up for charges around $8/mo for non-residents.","Paying for the content I get. You'd just think over time a program would be put into place to funnel some of those library dollars up to a organization that maintains a free cloud library. You check out a copy of one of the licensed books. If you don't finish before the due date, you either pay a fee to hold on to it (like a late fee), or you lose access and are put at the end of the queue. If no people are waiting, you get the book back immediately with no interruption. If others are in the queue, you get put at the end of the line and get it back for another week or two once you get back up to the front of the queue.\n\nThey could also have 20-30 minutes per day of free reading for books \"on the shelf\" so you could flip through them or see if they'd be interesting, without actually checking them out... just like you can in an actual library.","It's actually really common for publishers to charge more for a single eBook license (like 3 or 4 times more) than for a hardcover book, or for the license to expire after a certain number of checkouts. My library still buys mostly books, even though the demand for ebooks is rising every year, because we literally can't afford to buy more eBook licenses, and because the licenses cost so much more than regular books we can't just move the funds from one column to the other without having significantly fewer copies of a title. \n\nEdit to clarify: the pricing system for libraries purchasing books/ebooks is completely different than the consumer system.","Do publishers track checkouts and charge additional license fees for popular physical books as well?\n\nI can respect the book publishers not wanting to end up in the same situation as the music industry by getting out ahead of it, however, they seem to be taking things too hard and just making things prohibitive... which is what leads to piracy.","Oh jeez, oh well, at least I got a good listen at A Song of Ice and Fire before it went to hell.","Same here!","There is a free books app for both Ipad and Android. It's called \"free books\" \n\nGreat for getting caught up on the classics. ","Netflix for books?\nThat's Cheeky.","I can't remember where I read it, but if I recall correctly Scribd was still paying for every book, so if a customer read more than 3 books a month on their unlimited plan they were losing money.","Bummer. I know I'm not the average consumer since I mainly listen to audiobooks, and I go through 2-4/week. I would have gladly paid more a month to keep the unlimited thing going at Scribd.","Oyster tried this and it never caught on","Plus we should clearly root an idea of Netflix' copyrighted books?","More like Amazon Kindle Unlimited- unlimited reading and listening on any device for $9.99 a month. Sound familiar?","If you live in Texas, there's this card you can get called texshare that allows you to use the libraries all over Texas as if you had a membership there. Pretty cool card.","I've literally never seen a book I've wanted to read on there ","It's called a library","Funnily enough there used to be a lot of private libraries who's members would pay a membership fee.  I believe that there is still one operation in Seattle WA.  Although their prime was a few hundred years ago.","I'm new here, so I'm not certain if everyone is already aware of this,    \nbut you could also read/download free public domain books from [Project Gutenberg](http://www.gutenberg.org/wiki/Main_Page).","Oyster is s subscription book service too.","in the Netherlands they do","don't amazon do this?","Person: \"I want to create Netflix for books!\"\nPublishers: \"Fuck Off!\"\n\nIdea dead.","So....a library.","Grandma! Oh, I thought this was about a library.","I guess they COULD, but since it is through public funded libraries I doubt they WOULD. Their whole model seems to be like a normal library, except with digital material. Libraries are fucking awesome, and it doesn't make sense to charge a fee for checking out digital materials when there isn't a fee for checking out physical copies. On the other hand, there are no late fees for Overdrive, so I guess it might make sense to add in a small fee, but I don't see it happening.","You means library?","Library and chill","So... Like audible?","Hoooooot pocket ","And if it's really like Netflix's DVD service then you can keep it as long as you want and pick damn near any book.  I've yet to see a book I want actually available at my county library system, you have to reserve pretty far in advance.","the library?","If it didn't have my name so obviously attached to it, I would totally give you my old library information, so you can use Overdrive.\n\nBut you might be an axe murderer. ","About 15 dollars a year, yes. I live in a European country.","It depends on your library. I've seen the Overdrive catalogues of three libraries (keep moving to new areas) and the quantity and quality of the library varies greatly- because the library has to pay for each book that's available through Overdrive, and the librarians decide that.\n\ntl;dr one library decided that trashy romance was mostly what people were getting out so they'd get more. ","Do we really even need a Netflix for books? Plus, hard copies are better generally.","Now we just need to find a way to hate Canada.","They're thinking of passing a law that restricts free speech. ","We are? \n\nAlso we have free speech? I'm pretty sure we dont have free speech. Being racist can get you arrested. ","Oh I think I'm mistaken. It's only a province I think. Saskatoon?","It's a city: http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/derek-james-from/saskatoon-bullying-bylaw_b_9523976.html","With their beady little eyes and flopping heads so full of lies.","I think it is a great idea, they can work side by side. You just have to find how they will compliment each other.","Most have fees.  They're called property taxes.  ","So no direct fees for a user, but taxes over the whole of the population? \n\nOver here you have to pay for a subscription to a local library + a separate fee per book that you want to loan. Unless you use the library *a lot*, it's not worth going to the library.","That's a shame, libraries in the US are a wonderful resource for the poor, especially for those who don't have access to a PC or Internet at home. ","That sounds the way I would like libraries to be.\n\nOne positive thing to note: as long as you're under 18 you can use the library for free.","&gt; a separate fee per book that you want to loan. \n\nWhat? Admittedly I haven't lived in the netherlands for years, but that's the first time I've ever heard of a fee being charged to take a book home. \n\nJust had a look at the website of the last library I used over there, and that still seems to be the case. Books (and e-books) are completely free with a membership (only €35 a year). Only thing they charge you for is DVD's and games, €2 for 2 weeks. \n\nTotally worth it imo. I actually really miss Dutch libraries, the local ones around here are terrible in comparison. ","I think there is some variation between libraries, but both the library in my last city of residence as well as the library where I live now have a subscription per year as well as a fee per book. \n\nThe library system here has a 3-star, 4-star and a 5-star subscription system where the higher your star level, the less of a fee you pay per book, but the higher your yearly costs (the 5-star system is €61.95 a year!). The 5-star rank has no fees for loaning books, but the others do. This means that the lower star ratings make you pay less a year - except that you'll still pay a sum of money nonetheless + fees for an individual book. So it's only worth it if you get the 5-star system and loan several books a month, because the fees per book will eventually make the lower star systems more expensive than just getting the 5-star subscription.\n\nEven if you only want a single book or two (like I did), you'll still pay the absurd subscription fee because there is no other way to get just a few books. This isn't worth it if you're a low-key casual user. The American system at least allows you to go to the library and get a few books without paying an absurd subscription fee up front nor any fees per book. I'd much rather have that system than some overpriced subscription that I'll never get my money's worth back.","Just had a look at four library websites, Almelo, Leeuwarden, Alkmaar and Dordrecht. None mention a charge for regular books, so yeah guess it's only in really densely populated areas that they charge that much. \n\nComplaining about the subscription charge when you only wanted two books doesn't really work though. Netflix would be ludicrously expensive if you only watch one movie per year, but I don't see anyone complaining about that. \n\nDon't mean to be all argumentative, guess I'm just a bit jaded. The city library I used in the netherlands had a selection of a few million books. Whenever they didn't have something you wanted, they'd have it sent in from another library. If they didn't have the book because it was new, you'd just ask nicely and they'd buy a few. \n\nThe regional library was the same, just on a smaller scale. Nice clean, light and modern facilities, decent computers and a good selection of other materials and services as well. Honestly, it was pretty great. I'd gladly pay double €61.95 a year to have that here, instead of the small dark room with 8 bookshelves and 4 ancient computers that's supposed to be my local library here. ","&gt; Complaining about the subscription charge when you only wanted two books doesn't really work though.\n\n\nIt does if you can compare it with the American system where I could get those two for free instead of paying 30 in subscription + 1 euro per book.\n\n\nThe facilities are good, but too expensive for a casual user. Not to mention I mostly read english books anyway &gt;.&gt;. As an unemployed ex-student, that's *way* too expensive for me.","Well yeah free is always nice. But your American peers would probably gladly pay that fee to switch student debts with you.","That's actually really sad. I loved Libraries as a kid, and they still hold a special fondness, even if I don't need them much anymore.\n\nMaking it cost prohibitive for the poor or young seems to defeat the purpose of a library.","I posted this in another comment, but it's free for people under 18.","Oh, well that's better at least. ","Yeah, I did enjoy libraries as a kid. I don't use them nowadays because 1. I only read in English &amp; 2. They don't have new releases (unless they're Dutch &gt;.&gt;) &amp; 3. I won't really get my money's worth due to points 1 and 2.\n\n","Not entirely true. \n\nMy local library (Bergen op Zoom) charges a membership fee, and depending on what tier you're subscribed to, do you need to pay extra, but that's only for DVD rentals. (cheapest few tiers ask 2 euro per DVD/CD/Blu-ray)\n\nEbooks and paper books are free (though on the cheapest tier you're limited at 20 transactions per year, meaning loaning a book or extending a book loan)","I expanded on it in a [different comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/4g7vk2/the_woman_who_is_trying_to_create_a_netflix_for/d2fj5mh), but the prices appear to be different according to the library.\n\n","That's a solid 'VLI' moment for me. I'd have expected the libraries to consolidate a bit more in order to get better licensing deals. ","How has no one mentioned [openlibrary](https://openlibrary.org)? Seriously a great resource for borrowing books and a ton are free. Also [project gutenberg](https://www.gutenberg.org/) and [project muse](https://muse.jhu.edu/). All free.","Books n' chill?","That was his point. ","Ooh, I can't wait to binge Tolstoy.","It'd be cool to see a program similar to TV shows airing new episodes where every week a new chapter of a book is released via an app. I feel like it would create a greater community for discussion the way that people talk around the water cooler about the last night's newest episode. ","Isnt amazon already doing this?\n\ndoesnt work very well since books take weeks to read, unlike music and movies.  Pretty easy to know if the subscription price is saving or costing you money.","Colin Jost?","Finally somebody gets it.  The publishers still hold the strings.  Even Bezos hasn't been able to jerk control away from the big houses yet.","They do. What's really weird about the whole thing... was the Scribd team not aware of that? They had to sign the contracts first, did they not? I wonder what the hell was going on behind those scenes.","Nor should he.\n\nWhy is it that Reddit believes publishers (people who carry the costs and risks to produce books) are bad guys, while Amazon (a Wall St. propped anticompetitive mega-retailer) is the good guy?\n\n^edit: ^a ^word","I will be the crazy person and say that I would love this service. I like it that I can get DVD's by mail (old school Netflix, I know) and send them back. I don't want to pay $15 for each movie only for it to sit on my shelf and maybe I'll watch it every once in a while. \n\nSame goes with books, I don't want to pay for something I'll probably never read again. Also, I'm not a fan of reading on a screen so kindles and such wouldn't interest me. Audibles maybe.","&gt; This is always the top comment on things like this.\n\nThe ol' no-effort middlebrow dismissal.","http://www.johnnywander.com/comic/a-netflix-for-books","The only bad thing is waiting times for certain audio books. Some of the ones I wanted had over 30 people ahead of me.","My library charges me roughly 8 grand a year (in tuition fees).","No, it doesn't.  Your school does of which the library is a small part.","Yes. It was kindof a joke. But as an upper level grad student, who doesn't take courses any more, it does feel sometimes like i am effectively paying 8 grand for a library card an an annual committee meeting.","You pay tuition for graduate school? You're getting ripped off.","I won't get in to the details, but where i study tuition is payed partially through scholarships/grants and partially through paid research/teaching for first 4 years and then it's a bit more complicated after that. Being in fifth year myself, I pay full tuition. Thankfully the University employs me. I agree that I'm getting ripped off, but that's the price you pay for higher education where I live. Most uni students are getting ripped off in my opinion.","Sorry to hear that, here's to hoping you make it out before putting in too much of your own money. ","Oh hello mr. European with state-funded tuition. \n\nSnarky attitude aside, where do you live that grad schools don't take tuition?","I'm not European, I'm an american currently finishing my masters in the US.\n\nThe vast majority of graduate students (both foreign and domestic) at colleges in the US don't pay for school. They get assistantships that pay their tuition and give them some money to live on. My school doesn't have a ton of funding so you basically just make enough to not starve, but many graduate schools actually pay pretty well. Realistically, most people shouldn't bother with graduate school unless the school or their job is paying them to do it.","I wonder how this is any different than a service like scribd? Thats already basically a netflix for books.","Already exists; It's called overdrive (and I bet there's more of them).It links to your actual library and has Ebooks and audiobooks available for limited time download or streaming. ","In her defense at least it wouldnt be full of homeless people... i mean my house is but yours might not be","You mean a god damn library?","All my local libraries reek because of homeless :(","Huh so is scribd bad then?  I just started my 14 free days last week.","Not really \"bad\" bad, I kept my subscription for now, as they still have a handful of titles I'm interested in and would otherwise have a difficult way of obtaining... But they pulled a pretty ugly trick on their earliest customers, by promising an unlimited audiobook and book access (\"we're Netflix for books!\" they boasted, as I mentioned in the original comment) and then implementing the aforementioned token-based system (think: the Audible system) for the audiobooks, followed by a similar one for books, once they hit more solid subscription numbers. They did it out of the blue, too, dropping it a month before it was implemented. No discussion allowed. Here, take these three tokens and *go to town*.\n\nThe true kicker is how anti-consumer they were about it all: you can only accumulate a small number of tokens, so if you keep paying for the service monthly but not using those tokens up (because, say, you're offline, sick, or simply reading stuff from other services in the meantime)...you're paying for **nothing**, as the tokens will just not stack up on your account. You literally don't get any tokens, but they still take in your payment. Pretty bad, huh?\n\nAdd to that another fun little fact: if you started reading a book (or listening to an audiobook) before the token system was implemented, no matter how far you've gone into it, that book is now locked up behind the same paywall as well. You literally have to spend one of the three monthly tokens you get from them to return to the book you've read earlier, even if it's just to get a quote or finish that final chapter. \n\nTo try to muddy the waters of how they're nowhere near a \"Netflix for books\" anymore, they claim they have a huge \"free section\" that doesn't cost any tokens... But it's mostly public domain works, unknown (and often rightfully so) authors costing 20 cents on Amazon or 20-page booklets and short stories that were already available everywhere else, with a rare gem thrown in from time to time (and I do mean *rare*, like in *unicorn rare*), mostly in categories I don't care too much about, and from authors I already got on sales.\n\nAnother fun thing: ever since they introduced the changes, a lot of popular titles have become available in audiobook form only. I would search for a popular title (knowing it was already in there before) and discover it is now in audiobook form only, no ebook available, as it was removed during the shift. And the kicker? Audiobook tokens only work on audiobooks, and ebook tokens - only on ebooks, two separate things, no conversion allowed. So if you really want/need to read *that one thing* that they promptly removed from their library, you need to shoot for the audiobook... for which you most likely don't have any tokens left. \n\nAnd, of course, their DRM is still in place, so even if you manage to strategize to get that book you want in the form you want it in, you won't be able to open it up in your preferred reader or player - nope, only their primary software works with their service, and it often doesn't work well at all (i.e. my older Samsung tablet regularily hang up when listening to their audiobooks, something that never happened with any other service). YOUR privileges have been revoked, but *God save you* if you try to imply that they should remove that DRM crap and allow for other players to access the content you've already paid for... \"That's not the way it works\" is the answer given.\n\nThere was some pretty huge backlash against it all, but Scribd seems to have ignored it mostly, hoping to weather the storm. They do say \"sorry, guys, but that's life!\" basically in their FAQ now, so that's something I guess.\n\nNow, I *do* recognize where all of this came from... Their model wasn't sustainable with the contracts they've signed with the publishers (again, the enormous romance and YA readership basically consumed their budget in a single month), and they had to do something about it... But it still pissess one off, because that was *their model*, which they promised was sustainable and went around gathering customers because of it. Suddenly you realize that they might have monkeys running the whole thing, because from their launch they've been downgrading EVERYTHING all the time, without even trying to pretend they're adding anything to offset that. And, hell, they're also really cavalier about the whole thing, pretend they still offer the same value and didn't even think about decreasing their subscription prices or doing anything to actually be consumer-friendly (like removing those absurd token limits or putting actually viable content for free if they're already claiming they have some)... RARGH, BOOKHULK SMASH.\n\nNo, seriously, it's a chip on my shoulder. Whoever's running Scribd seems incredibly inept in doing so, and double so in managing their clientele's expectations. Won't shed a single tear if it all goes belly up.","I'm going to be that guy and say don't get your hopes up for Overdrive. The idea is good, but the technology is so very, very bad. I found the app difficult to use and the website outdated. That said, you still get access to free ebooks! And if your library has a good selection it is worth it. For me, my small country library has a tiny selection of bizarre ebooks they wouldn't usually stock as physical books. So it isn't really worth it.\n\nPS Still sign up to a library! They are amazing and need your support.","So much Batman","This would revolutionize college books. too bad they would NEVER go for a subscription based fee. I'd pay $150 per year to have access to my college library. ","Yes. Taxes.","Not everyone pays taxes.","Adults do. Or children who participate at all in the economy (buying shit).","All adults do not pay taxes. Many people have incomes too low to be taxed. There are also states without sales tax.","Income isn't the only tax. Neither is sales.","Lol okay sport. You're right.","I know I'm right, there's more than two types of taxes. Ever buy gas? Even in states without sales tax you'd be paying taxes.","[removed]","So like youtube...\n","I actually think it's a great idea! I'd pay the fee for it. ","Yeah, I would be surprised if this didn't catch on. It sounds like a great way to read books easily.","I don't know. Libraries technically have a fee through taxes.","So, Kindle Ultimate?","Has she heard of SCRIBD?","Reading is booring","So you'll pay to rent a library book that everyone has pooped with. You know almost all books are bathroom poo books","I used to have BookSwim here in the US. It was marketed as Netflix for books IIRC.","Ever heard of Oyster?","Never used it. I believe it went under after promising pretty much the same stuff as Scribd, right?","Oh wow. I remember using a trial for them a few months back and it was great. I didn't know they shut down. ","Yeah, just double checked. Seems so. From what I could gather from a 5 minute search, Oyster wasn't doing so well, and what was left of them was bought up by Google, their infrastructure becoming a part of Google Play Books (and thus their service and model abandoned).","As long as Chetan Bhagat and Amish Tripathi are not on it. But then again, if they were--this would be a sure shot success in India. Sadness. ","Isn't Amazon already doing this? I have Amazon Prime and I can borrow books whenever I please. This broad is LTTP.","But its not what she is making.","Your librarian can up the amount of titles per month if you bother them about it enough. I use it for graphic novels and music and 10 wasn't enough so now we get 15:","If I can get my librarian to up my number from the meager 8, you will have become my hero.\n","Depends on the publisher. ","Of course, it's just that most major publishers seem to price Kindle/paperback pretty much the same. ","Most of the books that are available on Kindle Unlimited are published through Amazon and are like $1/ea. There aren't many (if any) books from major publishers on Kindle Unlimited, so you'd have to churn through 10+ books a month to justify the $10 subscription fee, which I think is what Penguine_Plot's point was. ","Much genius going on over there.","$1 for a card.  Another $1 if you lose it.  Does that count?","They call them late fees. I call them donations. Makes me feel good about returning books late.","Libraries were not and are not always Public Libraries.  In fact, there are plenty of libraries that only admit access to students, or other selection methods.  Public Libraries are actually only relatively new (19th century).\n\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_library","If you like to read and aren't tied to a single author, it's actually a really good deal. Honestly you need to read one maybe two books a month to make it worth it. (And remember the audiobooks are free with them as well, provided there's a recording.)\n\nI think a good rule is if you go to Amazon and then browse for a new book, then unlimited is pretty good. If you browse for a new book elsewhere then go to Amazon to buy it, it's probably not for you. ","I think Kindle Unlimited Beat her to the punchline.","Last summer I had a shit job, I worked graveyard alone cleaning businesses. Normally working in solitude would be great, but I was losing my shit (I have severe depression). So I started to download and listen to books. I would go through a book series in a week. Unfortunately the price to purchase a book online is stupid. I went to the library to borrow audiobooks, the problem was the library had a very limited selection and those books had like 12 cds in them and getting them sorted and put into my phone was time consuming. I really could have used a \"Rent-A-Digital\" book service.  I still would give it a shot, although I do not have as much time to listen to them. Maybe when I'm fishing. ","A shitty library.","But Millenials will love it!","In my area of England, the public library offers Overdrive and Zinio collections. The ebooks and audiobooks expire after a month I think and the emagazines never expire - not sure what happens to downloaded issues if they pull a particular title from the emagazine collection.","A library is better. You can check out movies, books, music cds, and even video games. All without paying a monthly fee.","http://books24-7.com/\n\nhttps://www.safaribooksonline.com/ - focus computer / business books\n\nBoth of them have arrangements with libraries.\n","I remember hearing someone who worked at Scribd explaining that because of the audiobook licensing publishers demand, they had to pay 10 dollars every time someone made it a certain amount through an audiobook. They hated changing too but the unlimited model was unsustainable for them.\n\nUntil the publishers have better licensing I don't think that's going to happen.","Of course, that's what I'm saying: it is definitely a problem with licensing, and thus a problem forced on the industry by the publishers... But what I'm also saying is that people at Scribd had to either know about this problem (they did sign those damn contracts, right?) and kept pushing their marketing as *\"Netflix of books\"* either way (\"oh come on, Jimmy, how bad can the backlash be?\"), or they were incredibly, incredibly inept at handling their entire service, offer and image... Either way, it really paints them in bad colors.\n\nThe audiobook tokens came from nowhere (no previous signs they would be introduced until they landed), then the book tokens, with additional limitations on top (you cannot gather tokens - use them or lose them, audiobook tokens don't work on books and vice versa, no ability to converse between them, etc.)... And all throughout they've kept any restrictions already in place (including their abyssmal DRM and inability to use any other client to access their resources), didn't actually lower the subscription price, blatantly lying about it still \"holding the same value\" (because 3 books is absolutely the same thing as an unlimited selection of books and audiobooks)... AND, cherry on top, decimating their catalogue on the hush-hush, removing many books and pushing others to audiobook-only (because you only get a single audiobook token and need to buy more if you use that one up). \n\nI mean, damn. It would be an *okay* service if they begun in this state, but definitely not anything to write mom about (because my mom literally said *no* after learning she'd have to use their internal reader, which handles...*badly*), but doing this whole bait-and-switch and then claiming the service is of the exact same value as it started... That's some ridiculous thinking right there.\n\nIn the end, yeah, the problem with any such service is with the licensing. But Scribd should've figured that out before the claims they've made to puff up their numbers.","...or Amazon Prime. ","so.... no understanding that books are already sold online as ebooks for e-readers for a super-cheap price and PDF copies are free online with torrents?","Not at my library. Last year I actually went and signed up for a library card after multiple times of hearing the circlejerk on this sub about how libraries grant you access to this amazing unlimited supply of ebooks. \n\nThe reality was pretty sad. I got access to three shitty ebook directories, all of which looked like they were designed in the mid 90s. One of them only had public domain books (cool, but i didnt need to go through a library for that), the other two each had maybe a hundred shitty bestsellers from like five years ago, mostly trash romance and self help books. Oh, and they all required you to read either in the browser or on a mac-incompatible desktop application. Total waste of time. \n\nThat being said, I guess it's still worth it to find out if your library has a better ebook situation.","Your library just sucks unfortunately :/ it was similar for me in SC, but then I moved to Houston and then SF and the selection is awesome. ","The thing about libraries, is that *you can help*. You aren't helping a for-profit company, you are helping the community. Oftentimes, the librarians or whoever are running that project have no idea what people actually want; they usually have money allocated to those projects (albeit very small). You can directly change what sort of ebooks go into your local library circulation by helping them figure it out. ","[You're joking right?](https://books.google.com/)","A friend of mine who started his own company once said to me, \"if your idea is ever 'I am going to make the x of y' its a shit idea.\" X being something that already exists and is successful. ","wow thats just despicable. I hate that use it or lose it shit. This is why people pirate stuff.","You do pay library fees. \nThe reason why many libraries have free access or negligible fees is due to donations/charity etc (Now VC Fund) ","Yeah, I did the Kindle Unlimited free trial not too long ago and it really didn't seem to be worth the money. I ended up cancelling the trial even before it expired. ","The implications of this are profound. As your most watched books gain momentum and popularity - watch and enjoy as they get adapted to film. This may already exist via other channels like publishing houses and the screenwriter's guild, but it's the medium that is what would make it revolutionary if the functionality of the site also includes reviews, ratings, and a system that allows for sorting based on parameters like most viewed, most favorited , and other useful statistics.","Kindle Unlimited??","They already have a Netflix for books. It's called \"Kindle Unlimited\"","Though there is plenty of libraries that require a membership fee. ","Like a free blockbuster?","They should do this for college textbooks..","Sweet scam.","Netbooks and chill does not sound the same","It's called Amazon.com ","I hate overdrive, because it is a piece of garbage that makes me weep with shame that anyone actually thought it was okay to push to production.\n\nBuuuuuuuut I love Overdrive because it's free books.\n\nMan, the world is a complicated place.","I love the idea mostly because I can't get to a library.","A private library then like http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-nottinghamshire-35831853","I've tried that but it's really glitchy on my phone and I haven't found many good titles that I haven't already read. ","Why do you feel it necessary to mention that you are a woman?","No-one complains when a headline says *Meet the man who...*\n","But, sharing books is an illegal thing to be done. She cannot make a business out of it!","Oyster is always an option, yes?\n\n\n\nEdit: apparently, no. It's dead. ","Is it? I think it's closed. Responded to just another comment about it below/above.","Yeah, I just found out. Sad times. Sorry. ","So...libraries?","Looks like most of you only read the headline, because she's doing this in India.","Also Hoopla. You can get tv shows there too using your library card. ","Isn't there already Anazon kindle?","Safari Online....","Check out overdrive.  It's an app that lets you check out ebooks and audiobooks from your library at no charge. ","You still pay for the library. \n\nActually, you pay for all the libraries (in your locality). ","Taxes\n\nEdit: Oh come on. I meant you pay for free libraries indirectly via Taxes. I don't mind paying for it either. If only we had better and more accessible libraries in India.","Libraries are one of those things I don't mind paying for.","Depending on locality, it runs between $10-30 dollars per year per person in taxes *(At least based on statistics I have seen for my state from the state library)*. Not a bad deal if you ask me. It pays for itself the first time you check out a new book that'd sell for $29.99 on Amazon or Barnes and Noble. Most libraries have DVDs, audio books, and more too. And through Overdrive, eBooks and eAudios for free too.","Overdrive is the greatest thing I discovered this year.  Have your digital books sent to kindle for free!  Best part, no late fees!  They automatically return when they expire!","Just remember to check out a physical book every now and then so your library can keep their funding for things like Overdrive ;) It's unfortunate but most don't count ebook stats because you don't need a staff member to check out/in overdrive books and weeding and buying can be handled by one librarian.","Actually we don't count check outs from ebooks because the laws surrounding copyright, e-content and libraries doesn't exist. Right now we are able to purchase 1 book and check it out 100 times (for example). There is a large possibility that we could lose that and be told 1 book gets 20 check outs, or whatever average number they choose for wear and tear \"replacement '. So we like to bide our time and provide as much quality content as we can until we get told we can't.\n\nBut yeah! Visit your library! Send emails to your county officials and tell them how valuable the service is to you!","I didn't know they didn't count checkouts for virtual material. Good to know!","Oh interesting. Didn't know that tid bit.","The NYPL allows me to check out books from Amazon. I was surprised to find that out when I was looking for a certification guide.","I've listened to literally hundreds of audiobooks through the library's digital collection. That's a list of titles worth thousands of dollars!","When I take my city library's annual budget, and divide it by my city's population, I get $75.\n\nAnd good luck checking out a \"new\" book: anything less than 5 years old generally has a waiting list of at least 50-100 people, and sometimes a lot more.  You might get it this year, or you might not.\n\nIt's still a good thing for a community to spend money on, for other reasons, but it's not nearly as cheap or quick as you suggest.","Man that sucks. Your system must be under some tight constraints and ran inefficiently. Our system is $26 per tax payer and while of course there will be holds on new books, we run reports that show us when there are 4 or more people on a single title and rush buy new ones so we can get the holds under 2 for new books. Sorry to hear. :(","My library is amazing, (Boston), I can order any book online and get it relatively quickly for free, I have a friend in Atlanta who came to visit and was astonished, his local libraries are not only empty, he has to pay something like $1 to order a book. \n\nI go to Amazon and when I see a book I want, I order it online from my library and see which library in the system has it and can see it being transferred between libraries, the ebooks never have a wait and I just download it to my kindle, I get free music downloads, free magazines to my Kindle, on wiki it reads that past years around $45 per person. \n\nThere's also a ton of free classes, such as ESL and adult literacy, tutoring, as well as kid stuff. \n\nService definitely varies by region, I pay through the nose in property taxes but I more than breakeven with my library use. \n","Wow that sounds legit. We're a medium sized suburban system. I wish we could do half those things you mentioned. ","And I haven't used them, but they offer Museum Passes as well:  http://www.bpl.org/general/circulation/museum_passes.php#whomay\n\n\nHere's the main page:  http://www.bpl.org/\n\nI am really lucky, it is really an amazing resource. ","That sounds like a really terrible library..","You're assuming a library's *entire* budget comes from municipal taxes. At least in the library systems I've worked, that budget comes from a combination of (predominantly) taxes, but also late fees, donations, grants, and occasionally other levels of government chipping in.","Neither do I. I wish that they would spend their money better though. I believe Libraries should try to get as many books as possible. I think we need to radically rethink copyright law. Prevent anyone who isn't related to a creator to own copyright. It's exploitation. Also all copyrighted works need to be in a central database that contains the entire work. Every time someone chooses to enjoy the content (based on how much they consume.) the creator get's money.","That's because you're a Bolshevik. ","Or an incredibly smart capitalist who knows that the socialization of the costs to acquire the knowledge that allows me to increase my income is good for everyone. ","What, like a form of capitalism that respects democracy and prioritizes human progress? Ok, weirdo.\n\n","Capitalism is the truest form of democracy and prioritizes whatever the public values most. Beware though, it's all about what you *really* want not what you say you want. None of that \"I want to a fair world with a livable wage for everyone\" - sent from my IPhone 9s while waiting for fast food and wondering if I can get cheaper jeans at walmart or at winners.","How 'bout this,\n\n*Prioritizing what people want most* is a good description of capitalism, but there's nothing democratic about it. Capitalism in its undiluted form is just survival-of-the-fittest and might-makes-right. When you win at capitalism, your prize isn't money, it's the ability to change the rules in your favor for the next round. On balance this is beneficial to the system as a whole, but it does nothing to preserve or extend individual freedom and self-determination. \n\nDemocracy is an artificial construct we  cram our civilization into because we like to apply morality and cognition into our decisions. It requires constant meddling and an instrumentalist approach to government. It appeals to the better angels of our nature and keeps people from getting stepped on, but it does nothing to account for the basic wants and needs that actually drive an economy.\n\nGetting these two apparatuses to function harmoniously is the boulder we've all decided to push against for the rest of eternity. Every solution generates its own set of problems, no one is ever happy, and yet somehow we all keep thinking the grass is greener somewhere else.","They are 100% unnecessary and redundant. Every 7 year old with a phone has access to more than the BEST standing library. There should be only ONE central library in each city of 100k or more citizens. Thats al.","Not everyone does have access to a phone or the Internet though, that's the point. The library is not just for picking up books, they have games, films, computers, printers etc and not only that but some do courses to help with literacy, numeracy, help finding work and much more besides. They are 100% useful and needed and if anything i think more money should be channeled into them. Could not disagree with you more strongly, sorry. ","So we have to pay hundreds of mlllions for people to rent free games?? WTF.","Did you read the rest of the post or stop at the word games? Maybe you could check out what literacy courses are available near you 😉","Libraries unnecessary when 99% of the population walks around with a computer in their pockets.\n\nNo escaping it. ","&gt; Not everyone does have access to a phone or the Internet though, that's the point.\n\nTry harder.","I recently moved to NYC, In theory a digital Library for all sounds great but our modern information needs don't fit that reality. Libraries these days are more than just books, they are public spaces that provide resources, facilitate lectures and provide work spaces.","Netflix costs $10/month, you think $10/month of tax dollars (or even $1/month) goes to libraries?","It might in my area.  Our library system has its own separate tax revenue.  County can't touch it.  ","You can look it up!","Libraries cost the tax payer in the US about $10.7bn in 2012, there are 128 m taxpayers, that's $84 each per year (on average) that's about $7 per month. Not far off $10.\n\nSources: http://www.efile.com/efile-tax-return-direct-deposit-statistics/ http://www.ala.org/tools/libfactsheets/alalibraryfactsheet04","Yup, you have to pay to renew your card periodically where I live. Its not expensive (like 20 dollars) but it is for sure more than the cost of the card.","Whether you like it or not.","It's called a god damned library!","So a subscription library. ","You're not, it's crazy expensive.","Pandora also has commercials.  You get what you pay for.","Please, someone, make steam for shows instead","That doesn't explain why this is on the front page, or why people are talking about it like it's an equivalent to Netflix or Amazon or a library.   It's an app that sends you erotica every day.  Nothing in common with any of these things.\n\nIt's like no one read past the title (I know, unsurprising).","Amazon?","Not really.Netlfix replaced video stores, this would replace libraries.","libraries offer the ability to get books through device now, for free","What is the app for magazine rental?","So fucking stupid. Amazon already basically does this in a fantastic way and Google provides enough searching capability to find any info one might need in today's world. \n\nAlso, as other have said, libraries. I am sure India has those as well and hell, they are free. \n\nHmm, Seems like India is again coming up with a very \"innovative\" /s idea.","I use Overdrive and OneClickDigital. ","Aww, how adorable! Already exists though.","Like a bookstore...","The \"Netflix of books\" is already a thing. It's called Scribd.","Check out multiple libraries to. Sometimes libraries will use other library cards to expand range, and sometimes one of them has the app. I know here in new york this is done so a lot of people have a \"membership\" through a library in NYC even though theyre up in here in albany.","Oh wow. I'd never heard of Overdrive, but my library is on it. This is brilliant, thanks for bringing it up!","She will call it NetBooks","NetBoox","So, like Scribd?","Fair enough, I've been on the two book plan for forever, I don't even remember what the single book plan costs. \n\nAnd Pandora *can* be free, but as OP said:\n\n&gt; I would probably pay for a service like that if I weren't dirt-poor.","Sooo like audible","&gt; The woman who is trying to create a Netflix for books\n\n.\n\n&gt; Netflix for books\n\n.\n\n&gt; Netflix\n\nIf I learned anything this will cost 8 dollars a month or 10 dollars a month for hard cover","You can easily buy press coverage in India and it does seem like one of those websites where you can buy your coverage. Also, I think it worked for the company now that other outlets are also publishing about this app.","So like scribd, Kindle unlimited, safari books online... ","So, this is audible?","In my country, libraries cost to join. ","/thread","Why? Books are even easier to pirate than movies and shows. What a dumb idea. ","Can you PM me some good sources to search for and pirate books?","Seems like we're getting away from books with the kindle etc","This reminds me of when Amazon really only had books. ","This already exists! It's called Oyster and you can download it on the App Store! ","Don't they already have this, I think they're called **LIBRARIES.**","isn't this amazon's core fucking business ? does the author not know about amazon ? very strange that the idea got compared to netflix ","Yea... Sunny... she's not just a celebrity in India...","So basically a boon store","Don't have to get dressed tho. And no one cares that you treat showers as optional. ","You're still taking about libraries right?","Yep. :(","What a trail blazer!\n\nMight as well bin off libraries and book shops","So does she not know that Amazon unlimited exists?","Would never go back India. Good on her!","What is the free magazine app?","I'd have to look when I get home but it also required a free library sign in and they referee me to the app. So if your local library has a website check it and if they offer it they should tell you. ","Zinio","Overdrive is great for the price, but Hoopla is even better. See if your library has an account. ","It's free for me. I just heckled and do have hoopla. Thanks, I'll check it out. ","And no good books, except temporarily, unless she owns their copyright.","Meh. It's not for everyone, but I enjoy audiobooks and as far as I can tell Audible is the best deal for getting them (legitimately) if you do it right. I keep an eye out for the \"2 books for 1 credit\" sales they do, and only use my credits for books that cost more than what I'm charged for the credit(s) so I'm usually getting a $40-$50 audiobook for like...$12?\n\nPlus part of the membership is discounted costs, so if I'm out of credits and desperately want a particular book it's still cheaper than buying it elsewhere. Plus the convenience of having it all available on any of my devices, and if a book was super shitty or the narrator was awful I can \"return\" the book for another credit.\n\nAll that being said, if you don't listen to enough audiobooks to justify the cost then yeah it's not worth it. Same principle as Netflix, Hulu, etc.","Wow, a whole audiobook! That would last me like... a whole two days... and then pay for the rest?! Wow, why don't I just ... not do that because that because I'm not made of money...","Audible's 'subscription' is just a convoluted way of selling digital audiobooks.\n\n(Top tip: their 'annual subscription' is actually just a 40% discount for buying in bulk.)\n\nI read it's because they wanted to be more like the Spotify Premium business model, but publishers didn't like the idea and forced Audible to just sell individual audiobooks.","I'm confused as to what your issue is...yes it's a platform for selling audiobooks. The membership system is a little different from most I guess but the point of the membership is that you can get audiobooks through that membership at a much lower cost than buying them elsewhere. In my case, I get two credits a month for ~$24 so about $11.50/each. Most audiobooks are anywhere from $20-$60 depending on the length of the book (even including the extra 30% off retail that comes with the membership). I keep my membership going as long as I'm keeping up with the number of credits I get, and if I'm flush on audiobooks or there's no new books I want, I just suspend the account until I'm caught up. \n\nIt's maybe a bit more complicated than \"Pay membership fee, get unlimited access\" ala Spotify/Apple Music/Pandora sure, but that's because audiobooks don't really lend themselves to that model. Nobody wants to build a playlist of their favorite chapters from audiobooks to listen to while they work out. Audiobooks are kind of a one-and-done sort of thing for most, and without repeat plays that Spotify model falls apart. \n\nThough I guess now they have some streaming \"channels\" thing but I haven't had the time or desire to check that out. ","&gt; I'm confused as to what your issue is...yes it's a platform for selling audiobooks.\n\nIt's not that I dislike Audible, it's just that it's not really correct to treat it as a subscription. An Audible 'subscription' is really just a series of separate purchases.\n\nYou're not constrained to one audiobook per month, or anything like that. It's just the way they present it.\n\n&gt; It's maybe a bit more complicated than \"Pay membership fee, get unlimited access\" ala Spotify/Apple Music/Pandora sure, but that's because audiobooks don't really lend themselves to that model\n\nTechnically there *are* Audiobooks available on Spotify... just not that many. I particularly recommend Hugh Laurie's reading of Three Men in a Boat, the audiobook of the Last of the Mohicans that they have, and the audiobooks of various works by Mark Twain.\n\n&gt; Nobody wants to build a playlist of their favorite chapters from audiobooks to listen to while they work out. Audiobooks are kind of a one-and-done sort of thing for most, and without repeat plays that Spotify model falls apart. \n\nI don't see the problem. It would be like a pay-per-month 'library' of audiobooks. Not necessarily a bad idea, provided they can be even cheaper than Audible of course (as you wouldn't get to 'keep' your audiobooks).","Subscription stories, not Netflix like at all.\n","Came looking for this comment. I'm glad you are here.","Yes, like a library. But in a country without a strong publicly funded system of libraries. In a country (India) where there rupee is the national currency where the word rupee is printed on the currency note in 18 different languages, because people who read one language may not read another. \n\nThere are other reasons, but the above mentioned points should suffice. ","so like a library, which is an ancient tech?","libraries are amazing new tech.\n\nyou download the entire book in 0.01 seconds.  It is impossible to lose your connection to it.  It never runs out of batteries, is impervious to power outages,  lasts for upwards of 100 years, can be read with any technology (unlike 5\" floppy disks for instance),  and you can read it in bright sunlight.","Umm kindle unlimited?","But but it's a woman doing it.  ","Rekt","Okay, it's Amazon.","Except producers (writers) get paid fairly by users (readers), like any other market. Unlike libraries, in which producers are paid a tiny sum by taxpayers, only a tiny portion of which will actually use the product.","Like Oyster.com?  How'd that work out?  \n\nMaybe like kindle unlimited?  Already exists.  ","My library has a shit selection and everything good is checked out. ","I don't know if your library offers it but tell them to check out Hoopla, it works like overdrive but there are no holds. Plus they have movies, music, graphic novels (DC and others) and tons of audio and ebooks.","If she wants to create a Netflix for audiobooks, then I'm totally in","Or like prime sharing.","How about a Netflix for silverware?","I'm sure it was said somewhere in here, but it's called Kindle Unlimited and Amazon's been doing it for a while now. My book is on it and I actually make a good amount of money from those readers.","Basically booksee.org with a fee","Check out LibriVox, they have an excellent app.  Podiobooks.com has some good stuff.  Scribd used to be good, but no more.","So like Amazon kindle?","Podiobooks.com is free. Y you can download books with any podcast streamer, or listen from the website. Authors put there work up there for free, and some of them read it themselves. But Podiobooks had pretty high standards on quality of reading, so that's also a plus. \n\nIf you like scifi I suggest anything by Nathan Lowell. ","They are no celebrities. They hold good positions in a few reputable business and can thus engage good PR agents. ","Sunny Leone is very involved, definitely a celebrity.","Lots of libraries are free, many are subsidized through your tax dollars. At least that's what I learned in university in my library history course for my Library Information and Technology diploma. ","Have any of you guys figured out to get overdrive books onto a kindle? Not a tablet kindle, like a mobi file reading paperwhite. \n\nI'm the family designated tech guru but I cannot figure this shit out. ","No because I don't have one anymore. Sorry. :/","My library charges $4 a year. Hardly free.","Wouldn't that be a library?  Or the very least, a used book store?","You have to drive to library's, they're usually by a shitty neighborhood and they smell like old lady clothes.\nEdit* people seriously love their libraries here! ","Most libraries use Overdrive now, I've downloaded quite a few ebooks and audiobooks without ever having to drive anywhere.","This is the best thing I discovered when I got a tablet. Endless books with no need to go anywhere?! Heaven. ","You don't though. \n\nSign up for an Overdrive account. \n\nhttps://www.overdrive.com/","My library had an overdrive system, which used to work with my kindle paperwhite, but now they have changed the system and it only works with kindle fires... I don't understand why and it makes me so upset v.v","Overdrive still works like a dream with my Kindle Voyager?","I can't remember specifically what it was, but I think it made it so you have to be able to access an internet browser in order to be able to get the book or download an app or something? Which neither seem possible on the paperwhite. or maybe I'm an idiot...","If you do it on a desktop, you get to a screen where you can tell it to download to Kindle or something. It takes you to an Amazon page where you can tell it what device to send it to.","Yep, this is what I use. You can't recheck a book out though if someone else has a hold on it so you have to make sure that book is done in time. Some books are only in Overdrive though which is annoying.","Protip: turn off your Wi-Fi before your loan expires. The book is released to the next person, and you still get to finish it.","Do you mean that overdrive doesn't work with your Kindle anymore, or that your library changed to a non-overdrive eBook platform?","It's still overdrive and I cannot get it to work with my kindle anymore. ","Have you called your library to ask about it? My memory is fuzzy, but I know that recently overdrive put through an update the borked a lot of people's access to their accounts that they had to fix. I think they also did an update to better marry together library accounts with overdrive accounts that caused a lot of people to have to do a certain amount of troubleshooting to be able to implement.\n\nI work in a library so I occasionally get emails giving everyone a heads up about updates on overdrive and how to talk to customers about them, but since I don't work in a customer-facing role I almost never have to help anyone trouble shoot so I'm bad at conveying specifics. But if you haven't called your library yet to ask them about it, give it a shot, they may have a solution. I feel like I would've heard about all kindles except Fires being locked out, and I haven't.","Hu? Just checkout a book using the Overdrive app on your phone and send it to your kindle account. I do it all the time and read on my Kindle touch.","Well first I have a windows phone, which doesn't seem to have the app. But secondly I don't even know how you would 'send' it to your kindle account. You click on the book and there's an option like 'save to my amazon' or something?"," &gt;Well first I have a windows phone\n\nThere's your first problem.","If you sign in to Overdrive on the website you should be able to select your book or books you want to borrow and then it will ask for the format. You would chose .mobi and then it would ask you to login to your Amazon Kindle account. After you login you should see the books you borrowed in your account. Next go to your Kindle and \"sync\" it and it should show up in your library on your kindle. That is odd that Windows phones wouldn't have the app????","You won't have access to any books unless you also have a card from a library that has an OverDrive collection.","&gt;people seriously love their libraries here!\n\nIt is /r/books soooooooooooooooo....","Didn't realize it till you told me just now haha. Looks like I walked into the wrong bar!","Zero percent of that statement is true.","I mean...*sometimes*  they do smell like old lady clothes.","I live in Denver. My library sometimes smells like weed.","Well OK, sometimes.","I'm sorry your library sucks.  That's a bummer dude.","I love that library smell...","www.openlibrary.org","Is she going to call it \"library\"?","I keep reading this title as 'netflix for boobs'\n\n","well as opposed to taxes","I wasn't paying those taxes when I was kid going to the library every week though ","I know. I regretted this comment as soon as I scrolled down and saw it had been made 100 other times, haha. \n\nYou are right though if you are saying that the advantage to an existing library is that taxes are paid regardless so might as well use what you are already paying for. If it should be decided that brick and mortar libraries are out of date though (and A LOT more costly to run per capita) and services like this replace them (doesn't seem too far fetched) they will need revenue to operate from somewhere I would assume. Likely it could still be publicly funded for the sake of education (like Overdrive which is the real competitor here).\n\nAs far as your follow up comment about how your parents paid and not the cute and cuddly child version of your present self... I am not sure if that's a great argument. In that line of thought, food, housing, transportation, toys, super nintendo games and pokemon cards all were free as well which is not exactly the case. \n\nIn other news... isn't it crazy that we used to do that? go to the library every week and browse, read and write reports on physical books?? I had to use a payphone to call my moms beeper to get a ride home when I was finished! :)","Respect for trying but I just cant get away with e-readers or anything that isn't a physical book. Pressing a button just isn't as satisfying as turning a page.","Just get a touchscreen e-reader.","Your local library might have audiobooks you can download online (mine does). Spotify also has a pretty decent collection of audiobook \"classics\" and poems. ","You could say blockbuster was a library of movies. ","Yup, my first thought","My ex would listen to a book a week on overdrive. Frickin' nerd.","I came to say this and you beat me to it. To those saying the difference is a fee, library is tax payer funded and so we do pay a fee. Some choose to not use the service they paid for","Some even have videogames. Discovering this was a revelation to me when I was in college.","the original Pitch and concept of a commercialized home computer was to be able to store every book ever made inside your device at some point in the future.  It was thought of before digital video media was even considered to be possible.  I do hope it works out for you though. unless you found a way to deliver the books no one else has thought of. Amazon has a jump on things with air-drones","Okay, so like Kindle Unlimited? \n\nAnd they had \"Netflix for books\". It was called Oyster and it was already shut down. They also have Scribd and Audible.","Turn on Airplane mode and you can keep the book as long as you want. It doesn't mess up the loan either. The next person will get the book, you just won't have it removed from your device.","What makes even worse is that there is already a system like this, called Kindle.","So a Library ! ","So...like a shitty version of a library I have to pay for outside of my tax dollars?  Good luck with that.","I have had good luck finding audiobooks just by googling them. Especially if the author ever made his own recording.","&gt;Libraries are free\n\nLMAO","Li- li- lib- what is this word? Oh you mean bookflix?","I'd like a netflix for audio books. Audible costs too much, and you have to pay for additional books","I was thinking more like Kindle Unlimited, which let's you read as many books as you want for $10 a month. The only issue with that program is that you have to be exclusive to amazon. And you have to have an eReader. \n\nSo this, with physical books, sounds cool. ","Or you can just pirate whichever book you want and keep it. \n\nEdit: lol at the downvotes. You fools wanna support rich af publishers and make them more money then go right ahead. I'm gonna keep downloading all my books for free and give em out to whoever wants em too. ","It's so easy to get free e books. I'm not sure book publishers even go after people who dl their books. ","Yeah, but I reckon people who want to read books are the type who'd want to pay for it. (I'm basing this completely on assumption)","Obviously can't be totally true, look at torrent sites. A lot of people download ebooks, I assume they're doing that to read them. ","As someone who reads a bit slow and usually reads pretty big books, I don't mind paying $10 once a month for a book that will take me a whole month to read. ","It's too much effort for publishers to do that.","yeah i use my local library like this with the overdrive app. it's free and easy and has all that you might want. the only thing is sometimes you have to wait for stuff to be available.","&gt; We're not competing with Amazon; we're a traditional publisher who is asking interesting questions about digital.\n\nI'm going to assume something was lost in translation.","[Yeah really](http://www.johnnywander.com/comic/a-netflix-for-books)","I mean... Libraries have movies too. ","So... Kindle","Came here to say. Glad is top comment.","So, like apple books.  Or google books.  Or amazon books.","Check your library.  Mine has two thirty foot long shelves of them.","I think Amazon has already been in India for a few years, and from what we can glean in the article, Chiki Sarka's interest is in digital distribution of books for a periodic fee.\n\nI think what separates Amazon from the rest of the pack, such as Google or Barnes and Noble, is their loss leading Kindle device with free 3G.","[removed]","Netflix for boobs!  That would be aweso-\n\noh yeah, Pornhub.","And free access to Lynda.com, Mango, so many other websites. Obviously this is specific to my city. But most libraries have some perks you probably didn't know about. ","I just cancelled my subscription and use Wikipedia instead. ","Came here to upvote this.  Not disapoint. ","I think the best part about online library of books would be no late fees. :P","my kids do this all the time, through their school.\n\nIt's exactly like you think, you get the ebook for a ~week, then it is due and it automatically is \"returned\".","Also, you don't have to worry if the book is not available because someone issued it. \nEVERYONE can theoretically get a copy.","the way it works, at least in our case,  is that there are only a couple 'licenses'(?), so there are only a couple people who can borrow it at one time.  (or else, you'd never have to return it).\n\n","So like, Amazon Prime? ","Really, that changes the whole conversation going on in these chats. It's tailored for India. A majority of us are not even a part of the market the app is going for. That said it's a cool app and I'd like to be a part of the market the app is going for. To have an on-demand e-book service would be cool. ","Libraries aren't free. You're paying a monthly subscription well over $9.99 a month with your taxes..","Did she end up replying to anything...?","So kindle unlimited? ","Bookflix?","lol duh","What a simple - yet fantastic idea ... ","just call it biblioteque and peps will be crazy about the nouveau idea.","Their mobile app is horrible though, which is where I usually read my tech books. Much easier to go to Library Genesis or hardcopy than use Safari Books Online.","I've been using Safari for years now - it's not just books, they also have lots of great video series.\n\nMuch like Netflix I use Safari in tandem with purchased items - if I like something I read on Safari, I buy it. If something sucks, I might just read it on Safari.","Why is this on the front page?","Neflix for audio books would be cool. ","Netflix and chill, for bookworms","The library in my city is pretty shitty when it comes to physical books, and it costs a fee to get a card in another city. I would definitely pay a subscription to have access to a larger library of digital books for my kindle.","And movies, video games, and so much more.","I think we live in very different neighborhoods","sorry to hear that\n","nope, not like a library, it's  a virtual publishing house. So no physical books would be made, instead just read the book electronically. Like Kindle book store.\n\nI THINK SO.","More like Kindle unlimited, probably. Though hopefully with a wider selection.","So, like my library.","Yes, but it's virtual and the books are no where else\n","Does your library have between 30 and 40 books?  Then I guess so.","I think it's just for the convenience of not having to leave home to get different books at the library. Just like Netflix gives the convenience of not having to go to a video store to get a movie. I don't think it's a crazy idea.","Here here!","But they're slow. When Butcher releases a Dresden book I need it NOW not in a few weeks. ","Most libraries don't do EBooks.","A lot of them use Overdrive to manage book rentals. I connected to 4 different libraries through it. The checked out ebooks will expire after the due date. Many also support kindle access through their site.","Can you use this while living overseas? ","As long as you have Internet access and an account with the library.  I use both the San Antonio's public library eBook system and Bibliotech's and have accessed them all over the place","Wait, how do you connect with four different libraries through it??)","Your account works even when you move. I have 4 libraries from 4 cities now, connected. ","If your wi-fi is turned off on your kindle the book stays on your device until you reconnect.","Also you can de-drm it, although that's arguably dodgy","Most absolutely do now a days. More than 3/4s of all public libraries do, most people just don't know about them. The selection isn't always as good as well. \n\nEdit: After looking for a more exact number, it seems like in 2014, 95% of public libraries do. ","Is that a statistic for the US?","http://factually.gizmodo.com/95-percent-of-american-public-libraries-now-carry-ebook-1663882055","So, yes.","My library does ebooks, but the DRM is so ridiculous that you can only read them on a computer, so they're basically useless for how most people use ebooks. ","DRM is exceedingly easy to get rid of. Most of my digital library are books that I took from the library's system and ran through Calibre's DRM wiping plugin.","Actually most libraries here in the UK are on overdrive (so they do), and I dunno percentages in the US but a ton of libraries over there have it too.","Is that true? I know mine does, and I thought that most libraries in 1st world countries do do ebooks. Developing countries are another story of course, and most of the world population is in developing countries, so you may have a point. ","a lot of them do","&gt;Most libraries don't do EBooks.\n\nMine does. What's your statistical study to make that conclusion?\n\nSincerely,    \nRichard Nixon","Mine does ","That's why I said most.","Mine does as well, I thought Overdrive was commonly used.","As I already asked you - what's your citation for that? How do you know most libraries don't?\n\nSincerely,    \nRichard Nixon","A library is a blockbuster for books...","How do you get 2145 points for a comment that is completely wrong?  If it was like a library it would be interesting.  But its not.","My library already does something like this. You can borrow a book for free on your kindle/iPad. This is dumb since you have to pay for the service","That too works! Just don't highlight or write in them. ","But I can't use the pages to roll fat blunts.","coming this summer from harper collins: *\"netflix nation.\"*","I feel the same way about \"Uber for...\" ","I kind of like the now USPS slogan. \"Uber for mail.\"","God forbid a journalist takes a relatable concept and uses it to explain a new, similar thing in simple terms for a non tech-savvy reader","Yeah, I mean.. hell they could come up with a crazy concept like a digital library.  Which already exists in two major forms (Overdrive, and Kindle Unlimited in the us) and in other forms over seas.\n\nForget a reasonable and obvious term, why not let the journalist use a \"relatable buzzword\" and drive page hits.","You mean ece","The fuck is ece? Isn't that Latin? Are you the pope? "],["Dune - Frank Herbert. ","That film's art and set dressing were superb, though.","I actually vaguely enjoyed the film to be fair. But compared to the book well you just can't really","Yes, the book is way better than the film. I re-read it regularly. Funnily enough, though, the mental pictures that accompany the story when I read it, resemble the film a bit :-P","Yeh that is my biggest problem with watching a film first. I always try and read the book so that the images don't override my imagination. If you Dune. I recommend Peter F. Hamiltons Nights Dawn trilogy. It may not be your thing but it just might be!","I did read the book before I saw the film, though ;-)","I agree they were, but to the point of being distracting.  The story was neglected by focusing on style over substance in the movie.","Taking the Goodreads scores to measure the quality of books is... rather debatable.\n\nAnd as an example of a poor movie adaptation – Dr. Seuss' The Cat in the Hat starring Mike Myers.","Since I don't know much about it- is there a reason Goodreads is a poorer measure than say, IMDB or whatever?","Except for required school reading, almost every book on Goodreads has a score around 4 (+-0,5), usually over 4 (out of five stars). People tend to give 4 or 5 stars to almost book they've read. Many users do not accept the official rating system on Goodreads, namely that 2 stars is already a positive review:\n\n1 star – didn’t like it\n\n2 stars – it was OK\n\n3 stars – liked it\n\n4 stars – really liked it\n\n5 stars – it was amazing\n\nIstead, people consider a 3 stars book to be average, so there is not much room to rate a book that you've liked other than 4 or 5 (a much less than the 10 point scale e.g. on IMDb). Well, people generally tend to give high scores to every movie/book etc. they've seen/read, so this is also a problem on the other sites, but the (seemingly) short scale on Goodreads exacerbates this problem and you end up with [this](http://i.imgur.com/qpPaAtQ.jpg) ([source thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/1fqv5d/there_is_way_too_much_of_this_on_goodreads/)).\n\nOne can also explain this phenomenon by the fact that books are usually a bigger time commitment than movies, so people tend to choose books that they know they'll like.\n\nAnd also probably because of the democraphics of the users, the scores of the YA novels and romances are totally overblown and I regularly stumble upon users who stick to one these genres.\n\nI really like Goodreads as a tool to organize my books (already read, want to read etc.) and also some of the book reviews are worth reading (not the ones consisting mainly of reaction GIFs), but the ratings have very little significance.","In what universe would 2 stars mean it's more than bad.","You mean how can 2/5 stars mean that a book deserves a better score than \"bad\"? That's how the Goodreads rating system functions and I personally like it, because there are some many good books to be read that I do not want to bother with average books and I do not have any remorse lumping them with the bad ones. But looking at the [discussions](https://www.goodreads.com/topic/show/640013-the-stars---using-gr-s-rating-system) of some other Goodreads users, they seem much more reluctant to give only 1 star to a book that was not plainly terrible. Looking at my rating statistics, I am really harsh.\n\nI'm making sure that I understand you correctly because (as a non-native speaker) I would presume that \"more than bad\" means \"very bad\".","In this context more than bad would mean why is two stars higher than a 'bad' rating. English is a terrible language sometimes. ","Goodreads scores basically seem to measure \"Did this book give me exactly what I was expecting?\" As a consequence, even mediocre genre novels often get very high scores, while more challenging literary books often get slammed for having \"unlikable characters\" or an \"unhappy ending.\" To offer an example off the top of my head, [His Majesty's Dragon](http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28876.His_Majesty_s_Dragon) outscores freaking [Anna Karenina](http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/15823480-anna-karenina). Don't get me wrong: the former is a fine fantasy novel, but I have a hard time imagining anyone offering a serious argument that it is a \"better\" novel than the latter.\n\nGoodreads scores would probably be a lot more useful if there was some way to re-normalize scores within a given genre/category. ","Pretty much every one of the recent Dr. Seuss adaptations has been awful. ","True, it is hard to take most articles like this seriously. Not only are the authors not reading and watching the  content, but often have no idea what they are writing. I think \"The Martian\" would be an excellent recent example. ","World War Z","Should this even count?  Does the film have to actually be somehow based on the book, or is just purchasing the name enough?","tbh honest the production of the movie was a mess.\nIn the end they decided to ride the hype-train of the very successful book (and never fully commited to the actual plot).","I was shocked *Eragon* didn't make the top 20. Personally, I didn't love the book, but I thought it was generally well-liked. The movie was just plain awful. I guess the reason it didn't make the list is it's goodreads score (3.83) is lower than I thought.","*Eragon* was the first book I thought of too.  The book may not have been spectacular, but the movie was both a horrible film and a dishonest adaptation of the source material.","I thought it was a perfectly alright movie stand-alone. As an adaptation of the book however I can understand people being less than pleased.","Yep, they made interesting changes to the movie, like changing a long travel through the country into aimless wandering in a forest and changing dwarves into black people","Fahrenheit 451 is the worst movie adaption of a book I have seen.","The flamethrowers should be focused on all VHS and DVDs of that POS movie.","I have to admit I preferred the book *One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest* to the movie. Perhaps it was because I read it first, as a teenager, before seeing the movie. (My parents were reluctant to let me see R-rated movies but didn't stop me from reading anything I wanted.)\n\nAs good as the movie was, there was something about wrapping up myself in reading about Kesey's description of The Combine that wasn't able to be translated to the movie, and that the book was more-or-less from Chief Bromden's viewpoint as opposed to the movie which was all about Jack Nicholson.","&gt;“Apocalypse Now,” regarded as one of the best movies ever made and with a 90 on Metacritic, was based on “Heart of Darkness” by Joseph Conrad, a book that Goodreads readers didn’t love (3.4 stars).\n\nThis, in a sentence, is why I steer clear of Goodreads.","Because people have different tastes and enjoy different things?","One of the masterpieces of world literature gets a 3.4 average. That's what I mean. It isn't useful.","Honestly I believe one of the problems of rating stuff on imdb and goodreads is people rate based on how much they enjoyed the book/film.  Something like heart of darkness is really boring and pretty hard to read compared to say Ender's game.  But obviously it's an important book with some long lasting value and Ender's game really isn't.  But good reads ratings don't reflect that.  Ender's game bus probably 4.5+ ","it would be nice if they had 3 ratings available. 'overall' 'accessibility' and 'writing' or something","Yeah I thought about this but I don't really know the solution, rating art seems difficult.  ","Because people are wrong.","LOL damn dude, it must be hard being the smartest most culturally enlightened person in the room.\n\nHeart of Darkness was boring, not an enjoyable read for a lot of people. It's only important because it deals with an important period of history that no one should forget.  Just like 90% of the other books on a high school reading list.","I was being glib. But the book is good and has more universal appeal than its historical context - similar to the film it's about a descent into madness which makes it difficult reading at times. The fact that people apparently were forced to read it for school is probably why it is viewed negatively (as a user mentioned above) because they never would have chosen to read the book otherwise. In contrast trash like Twilight (and the many fantasy novels I love) receive very generous scores because only those interested in them bother to read and rate. ","I've never read The Heart of Darkness.  Why is it considered much worse than Apocalypse Now?","Many people read it in high school with a uninspired teacher.","I actually much prefer it to Apocalypse Now. Reading it in class I noticed that most people just refused to look past the racism (which isn't even that egregious). It's superbly written, especially considering that English was Conrad's third language. Then again, I watched the extended version of Apocalypse Now so I was bored out of my mind by the end.","I had been very familiar with Apocalypse Now (the regular version) before ever having Heart of Darkness assigned in High School, so I think that's why I took to Heart of Darkness when reading it, I seemed to enjoy it more than many of my classmates.","Right. We all have different reasons for liking or disliking it, but altogether it seems to be a very hit-and-miss book.","&gt; Why is it considered much worse than Apocalypse Now?\n\nI wouldn't say that the book is widely considered to be inferior to the movie, but its score on Goodreads may be negatively skewed because of two factors:\n\n1. It's a required reading in many schools, so a bunch of students forced to read a book would not be impressed by a very slow paced book written over a century ago.\n\n2. From what I've observed in the reviews, many Goodreads users are appaled by the alleged racism in the book.\n\nEdit: Formatting.","I teach Heart of Darkness. I would argue against the alleged racism. Since Conrad is using Marlow to show the horrors of what is happening to the people of the Congo.","It's not.","The stand. \n\nTried to watch the mini series and couldn't. . I don't mind shortening the story to fit a time frame,  but they completely changed the story ","The one with Gary Sinise and Molly Ringwald? I liked it. How was the story changed? ","I can't remember all the details off the top of my head,  but character roles, and some plot points changed completely. ","I had the opposite view. I thought it stuck to the book well enough (it being a very long book). The only role I was not thrilled with was Flagg, but I thought the others were spot on. Or maybe it was because I still have a thing for Molly Ringwald.... :-)","Did you read the original book or kings updated version,  or whatever he called it? . .  I read the updated one ","The Martian. \n\nThe book does a much better job at showing how fucked Watney was and is much more tense, because they keep reminding you of everything that can go wrong. \n\nThe movie was good but IMO it doesn't do as good a job as the book. ","I disagree based pretty much on the same points you made. I found the book to be forced with the author trying to much to create intensity by sharing too many details in the wrong places and not enough in others. He also tried to force humor too much and, by focusing so much on the situation, the main character ended up one dimensional with the least depth of the characters.\n\n\nI thought the movie did a much better job relating the actual gravity of all of the situations Watney and the crew went through and made for much more believable characters.","That's fair enough. I felt that the movie rushed through the problem, but I can see what you're saying. ","My sister's keeper by Jodi Picoult\n\nThe fault in our stars by John Green","I, Robot. ","Upvoted for no click through gallery.","I Am Legend by Richard Matheson","The Time Traveler's Wife.","Percy Jackson and the Olympians the Lightning Thief and then Sea of Monsters","**The Giver** by Lois Lowry. Now let's hope they never adapt Number the Stars...","Another one I thought of is- The Book Thief by Markus Zusak. Again I kind of enjoyed the film but truthfully thought it wasn't a patch on the book at all. ","Breakfast of Champions. Hardly anyone remembers the Bruce Willis/Nick Nolte adaption to a great book. I haven't seen it, but it seems pretty terrible.\n\nAnd Apocalypse Now can *hardly* be called an adaptation of Heart of Darkness. It loosely follows a \"trip up a river\", but nobody should confuse them for being the same story.","I came here expecting to find *The Golden Compass* already listed.\n\nAn extremely good book, a movie so bad they didn't make the rest of the series.","Watchers - Dean Koontz","The Last Unicorn by Peter S. Beagle","Considering how much direct involvement Peter had with the original production of that movie I'd say it's very, very far from, even opposite, \"extreme case.\" The only reason that the book is better than the movie is that it's quite difficult to express some things visually that are easy to write in words.","You've caught me just bringing up my favorite book when it's marginally relevant. You're right about it being close. ;_;",":D, just so as we are clearly on the same page.","What are you reading now? :)","Er...Mary Brown's \"Master of Many Treasures\" which is the third book in the \"Pigs Don't Fly\" books.","I thought both were fairly predictable in the sense that it read like typical holloywood fare where you know they will continue to barely scrape by all the convoluted obstacles put in front of him with absolutely zero character growth.","Let's not forget Dark Places.\nNot a perfect book but miles better than the film.","I surprised Deathly Hallows part One is on the list. It's one of my favorite HP movies.","It was a lot of set up for the better part of the story, that's kind of the feeling I had after watching it. ","What FiveThirtyEight has done is show that YA books make terrible movies. That's about all that can be concluded here.  \n\nPerhaps also that great literature is easier to consume in film format, and when fans then seek out and read the source material, they may find themselves overwhelmed and abandon it. ","Love in the time of cholera - Marquez","I find this is usually the rule. For me the only exception so far has been American Psycho, where I preferred the movie bc I felt the book eventually just became mundane in its beating you over the head with its message.","Every time someone says the book is **always** better than the movie, I tell them to read *Forest Gump* and then reevaluate that statement. That book was...different.","Fight Club is a better film than the book IMO.","Man, I trust meta critic because it compiles people who actually know what they are talking about and have a true study of film. Good Reads is no more accurate than a Tumblr blog. Comparing the two is so ludicrous, I don't even know what to say. ","Cormac McCarthy's All The Pretty Horses, adapted by Billy Bob Thornton ","Alan Moore's From Hell. The book is one of the finest graphic novels ever written and shows how the art form can be used in ways that regular novels can't.\n\nTo call the movie a pile of shit would be an insult to stacked feces.","Doctor Zhivago, 1965 version. I don't *hate* it...but lordy, after reading the book it just isn't good for me.\n\nThat score on the other hand...♥","The Bourne Identity is a weird one.  Great book, great movie.  Two pretty wildly different stories though. ","I'm baffled the author didn't know The Graduate is a novel. I read it in English class, assuming it was more or less an American classic.","Well not everyone was in your English class.","The point being, if your school picked 10 American books and bought 30 copies of each, you kinda assume they are all well known.","Starship Troopers\n\nEnder's Game\n\nSlaughterhouse Five\n\nJurassic Park\n\n","I almost said Jurassic park tbh. I saw the film first and absolutely love it as I'm sure most do. But then I read the book and just thought that they literally just have dinosaurs and character names in common. The book is totally different and kind of better in a different way"],["I get why they'd use Shakespeare, but I find it kinda strange that they'd choose B. Potter over one of the Bronte sisters. Didn't they have a way larger impact on English literature?","How about Tolkien or Terry Pratchett? Well, maybe if enough people write in, they could rotate them a bit and include more authors. Here in Germany we are currently having a series of 2€ coins for each German state. Every year at least 1 new 2€ coin is minted for a new state. We also had special editions for the anniversary of German unification. Those aren't just editions you'd find in the albums of collectors, but you'll find these in circulation very frequently. \n\nI think that's great. Why not make money a little nicer and less mundane.","Beatrix Potter was very influential in the creation of children's literature as we know it today and many of her stories have gotten so ingrained in popular culture that we sometimes forget they are literature and not authorless folktales -- the story of Peter Rabbit, for example.","Wake me when they feature Harry Potter ","One of the benefits of not being in the Euro Zone.","Some Euro coins get to have various country-specific things on them. Harps on Irish coins, Eagles on German coins, etc. Some of them even have people -- some Belgian 2 euro coins have their king. These are all just decoration and the coins are valid anywhere in the Euro zone, though.","I was upset when i first read this post, mistaking potter for lestrange...im a nerd","It's been a while since I've read Harry Potter, who was Beatrix again?"]],"Damnthatsinteresting":[["What does it do?","Go where the wind takes them, riding the breeze with their little sails, that's what they do.\n\nAlso, they sail into your surf spot in giant blue sheets, and while they seem harmless, the tiny stingers are just enough to mess up your tender bits when you touch them with your tough fingers, pincushioned with microscopic nematocysts.\n\n[Also, can be an awesome band from Seattle.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4VnIawUckvw)","I'm so glad tender bits didn't end up being what I thought it was when I first got to that part of your comment. People have no business putting their what I thought you meant as tender bits to these poor little guys. ","The tender bits are what you thought.\n\nHe means you touch them with your tough fingers (so it doesn't hurt) and your fingers are filled with the stingers, then you touch your fingers to your bits.\n\nLike the pepper chain.","So that horrible feeling after you slice up habanero peppers without gloves and go hit the head without cleaning your hands really well.  Then again.  And once more even if the sound of running water is starting to really hurt your bladder.\n\n\nFuck. That.","I wish I didn't know exactly what feeling you're describing. \n\nI wish even more that I hadn't experienced it multiple times. ","I've experienced it multiple times too. At least now I know it's because of spices and not dick cancer or something.","What's awful is when you assume it's all washed off and find out the hard way it isn't. \n\nThat's why I bought gloves. ","Are the gloves for cooking or masturbating?","Why not both? ","Touch the inside of your nose. It will sting a bit, but not much.\n\nSource: used to make my own hot sauce.","Ive been there... Its the most amazing thing driving into Seattle from the East. Just never ending Boreal forest up and down, with hills and valley so steep you can feel the pressure changes on your ears.\n\nThen your on a bridge, in front of you, you see a huge mountain carved out with a tunnel for the road with homes and apartments interspersed among the trees. Im from a very Flat place, South Florida. Once you go through the tunnel you exit in the city, and wow. Its nothing like Miami, which is a huge sprawling Urban area, Seattle seems as if its packed into a small region, I was surprised by the population. \n 5/7 would move to Seattle if it had less Homeless people. \n\nThis music makes me feel like I'm in Seattle.","Thanks for the spoiler, I was hopeing it shit pure bliss.","I'm digging these tiny jelly tunes","&gt; tough fingers\n\nI read that as 'touch fingers' and thought \"well, I suppose you could call them that...\"","that is how a velella do.","groovy tunes","According to [the pictures here](http://www.oregonlive.com/pacific-northwest-news/index.ssf/2015/04/throngs_of_blue_jellyfish-like.html#incart_2box), it looks like they take over the world or something!","[Remind me of pre-discworld Discworld books](https://books.google.co.uk/books?id=W8X1GN9Oa9MC&amp;pg=PA10&amp;lpg=PA10&amp;dq=dark+side+of+the+sun+shell+dagon&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=E4fpbXkmsG&amp;sig=5F3snqZ3amHojWXyGWSj0ZuQbys&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjy-42GiqfMAhUEMZoKHebOC1UQ6AEIETAD#v=onepage&amp;q=dark%20side%20of%20the%20sun%20shell%20dagon&amp;f=false)","I don't think that The Dark Side of the Sun is in the same universe, but Strata almost certainly is.","I didn't know how else to describe it :/  ","No worries man.","Mostly, they seem to die on my nearby beach.","Well it majored in cultural anthropology but then switched to a double major with education, and then worked for a while in a pre-k facility before doing a stint as a freelance yoga instructor. Last year, it was working for a friend who had opened a frozen yogurt shop, but that didn't work out, so it's kind of between situations now, you could say. It has been thinking about writing a screenplay.","Jellyfish. Look at the Google images - très cool.","Tenta cool","Tries to kill us all.","About 100,000,000 of these washed ashore in way far Northern California two summers ago. ","[san diego, too](http://i.imgur.com/PsLzhSj.jpg)","that's a big meaty one","[Yup.](http://imgur.com/VSIyRqT)  It was pretty cool!","Last spring they were everywhere on the Washington coast. I had no clue what they were ","Isn't the world interesting?","I'd say its damn interesting.  I ran into a trucker I met in Cheyenne, Wyoming earlier tonight.  Such a strange little world we live in.","Ran into my first girlfriend again recently. Fifteen years later and a thousand miles further away, after we'd both changed our friend group entirely.\n\nSmall world.\n\nTurns out we still get along pretty well.","So... did you bang? ","Nah. I'm married, she's got a boyfriend.","Bang it","Well thanks for the closure anyway ","So are you the boyfriend or is she the wife because either way, one of you is being an asshole","I feel like one of us is missing something here.\n\nI *think* it's you, because the answer is \"no\", three times over.","Or maybe you should look up. Perhaps you'll see the dusty trail of a joke that just went over your head","awww...you have some mental illness huh?","What?","I bet he was mad when you ran into his rig.","There was a fuel pump between us.  We're cool.","Do you live in Cheyenne? Not that impressive","Nope, I used to live a couple hundred miles north, now a hundred and change south.","They smelled disgusting too.","Oregon, too.","They wash up on socal beaches seasonally. They dry up and look like vellum leaves","I think you mean condoms. They look like condoms.","I guess you have a point.  ","I think the whole coast i was in Ventura august 2014 and they were all over the beach.","Aw no way, I totally missed that","Saw them there too. Their dried little remains fly around when the wind picks up. They look like bits of saran wrap when dried up. ","I was in So Cal a few weeks ago and they were everywhere on the beach, I thought it was some kind of jellyfish so I was being careful to not step on them.","They are a kind of jellyfish according to multiple comments.","On the Central Coast, Pismo beach, too. ","Last year too","Thousands of those showed up all over the beaches in Ventura, CA last year and now I finally know what they are. Thanks!\n","Ahh what really? I can't believe I missed that. You'd think it'd be in the local news or something. Hopefully they come back.","They're seasonal. You probably have some wash up every spring but not in such big numbers. 2014 was just a huge season for them, didn't stop washing up for weeks in large numbers. They rot in the sun though so consider yourself lucky. They aren't so neat looking once they wash up.","Ahh thanks for the info. Yea, hopefully I'll be able to see them one day when they're not rotting.","Sometimes i'm positive Aliens are all around us and we don't even recognize them.","All these animals are aliens; we're just cool with them cause they are from Earth","Not exactly true, because all animals operate on DNA. Aliens probably don't, but who knows","What? How would you even come to that conclusion?","I would highly doubt that alien life is exactly the same as it is on earth, but like I said who knows","I found some of those on the Atlantic coast of Florida a couple of years ago. They are like little inflated jellies.  My Aussie friend called them bluebottles. ","Different jelly","You're right. A \"bluebottle\" is a Portuguese Man o' War. A velella is much smaller.","Portuguese Man O Wars are way more dangerous than these","Tell that to 6-7(?) year old me.\n\nI tried to wear these fuckers as a coat and that shit sucked, however the entire coastline was covered in these enormous aloe plants so I learned two things that day.\n\nAloe is the shit and not to fuck with Portuguese men; of war or otherwise...","/r/thathappened","6-7 you was kind of a dumbass.","If this were true, aloe wouldn't have helped and he would have most likely died at that age.","Thought he was talking about covering himself with velella. Yeah, from what I've heard a man'O'war coat would probably be a whole different kettle of hydrozoans.\n\nSo for future reference does aloe do anything for any jelly stings? I don't really have jellyfish issues where I live so I wouldn't know.","Aloe works by forming a barrier between damaged tissue and the air.\n\nJelly stings are neurotoxins embedded deep into the tissue. Which is why the peeing on it thing is bullshit too.","I was a kid and my parents told me it helped. Fucking forget this shit lol.\nEveryone's lying to you guys huh.\n\nI'm South African/Canadian and this happened near Knysna on golden beaches surrounded by aloe. I was a fucking kid and I GOT COVERED IN THAT SHIT! \n\nWe call them \"Blou-Blaasies\" not \"Portuguese Man-o-war\" but their the same species. ","Idk man blue bottles arent that bad,  pretty much everyone I know has been stung by one here in Australia, they hurt like a bitch but can only really kill you if you have an allergic reaction.","So what would you say wearing a jacket of them at 6-7 years old would be like?","It was hyperbole jackass.\n\nMy neck down to my tiny ass legs were covered in these perfect swollen highways.\nThere were fucking thousands on that beach and you swim through those bitches on your way back to shore.\n\n","Shh. I was obviously just lying for the points.\n\nNo one has ever actually stung by these.\n\n/s\n","And neither one of them is an actual jellyfish.","Thats a man of war, those wash up on florida every year. DONT TOUCH THEM, the stingers are just as shitty as jelly fish. Well I mean do what ever you want, but if you get stung its not going to be fun, and peeing on it doesn't help. ","I saw these in Tofino a lot never knew what they were; thought of them as blue condoms haha.","I thought they were those dishwasher pods. I was so confused why there were hundreds of dishwasher pods on the beach. After about an hour I figured it out. ","I just visited Tofino and wondered what these things were. They were everywhere.","can you eat them","Technically yes, but you probably wouldn't want to","What about the sand?","Yeah you can eat the sand","but you probably wouldn't want to","It's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere.","What about the sea water?","Eat it? No. You can only drink it","But you probably wouldn't want to.","Water water everywhere so let's all have a  [drink](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Go2qFO2IWog)","Asking the important questions.","You can do anything if you set your mind to it.","don't let your dreams be dreams","Yes, but only once. ","Is this the thing that inspired the students from that other wizarding school? ","Saw thousands of these at Ocean Beach in SF last year!\nMixed delighted wonder and sadness, seeing them all washed up like that. Beautiful intense blues and purples!","Looks like a baby Portuguese man o wae","AKA a \"by the wind sailor\"","Gluten free","I can picture 4 of those with pineapple and onion on a kebab over the bbq.","Being the only species in your genus is not necessarily very rare. ","can you give examples?","The search term to are looking for is monospecificity. \n\nhttps://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monospecificity\n\n\nThere are many examples. It is not uncommon. ","No, but it makes for a good title.","Not rare in abundance, but evolutionarily distinct which is a whole another level of interesting!","That's my point. Distinct at the genus level is common and not that significant. ","So why do we glue them to the inside of soda pop caps?","Here is a word cloud of every comment in this thread, as of this time: http://i.imgur.com/k9H8sjz.png\n\n---\n\n[^[source ^code]](https://github.com/Winneon/makeswordclouds) [^[contact ^developer]](https://reddit.com/user/WinneonSword) [^[request ^word ^cloud]](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=makeswordcloudsagain&amp;subject=Requesting%20word%20cloud.&amp;message=%2Bcreate%20REPLACE_THIS_WITH_A_REDDIT_POST_PERMALINK)","[nature is damn clever](http://i.imgur.com/W8YZoKc.jpg?1)","Hey! A lot of them invaded a beach a year ago, but I thought they were just jellyfishes... Thank you, I wasn't going to think that I would have found them here, they puzzled us for some time!","Looks like a gem shard, which is trying to take form... I would stay away from it.","Those kinda look like those suction cup jelly things that wash up on our beach all the damn time.","Velellas often present  in big numbers ashored on italian beaches, recognized by the rottish smell, brought by the south wind.\n\nSome times dump to load a whole truck.","It would be cool if they could rotate themselves to pick up the wind and go the direction they want.","Also known as \"by-the-wind sailors.\" ... They sometimes wash up in large numbers on the beaches of San Francisco, puzzling passersby with their vivid blueness.","I saw a bunch of these floating around the shore in Saint tropez, always wondered wtf they were, thanks! ","[These things are pretty neat] (https://youtu.be/ZJGO_bSsR3w)","http://imgur.com/kbQ0DMu  these were on the Oregon coast last year. So many of them. ","I remember going to the Oregon coast a few years back and seeing hundreds of these washed up on shore. The may have been a slightly different species, the coloration was different (more of a purple tone) and they were a bit larger. I always thought they were some form of Jellyfish, but now i know they are their own thing. ","A tiny *Abyss* or *Stargate Atlantis*","What does the zoan part mean?","Oh, I thought it was a finger.","Eat it ","I have seen thousands of these guys surfing in Norcal over the past few years. None this year though. ","Hydrozoa - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hydrozoa\nHydrozoa (hydrozoans, from ancient Greek ὕδρα, hydra, \"sea serpent\" and ζῷον, zoon, \"animal\") are a taxonomic class of individually very small, predatory animals, some solitary and some colonial, most living in salt water.\n\nIOW you still don't know WTF they are. ","Alien sperm","i would def think thats a man o war and try to bury it or stay away from it at the beach. source: been stung too many times by man o war","\"And when there was no crawdad to be found, we ate sand.\"\n\n\"You ate sand!?\"\n\n","Saw these this year during spring break in Miami. That or used college kids condoms..... Not sure. ","I saw a pube on that she's finger and thought \"awwwww gross man!\" \n\nBut it was on my phone screen...","Velella sounds like a brand of sanitary pad","It's just a Portuguese manowar. ","The first picture is a vellela, second one is a Portugese Man o' war. Although similar, they are not the same! http://i.imgur.com/zWYRI00.jpg http://i.imgur.com/IYvyHbl.jpg ","Ahh you mean a blue bottle. ","This looks more like a blue condom","It can be called a blue bottle or a man o war, either is correct","Yeah I know just representing the land down under.","Ken oath ","This picture looks kind of like a killer iceberg."],["This is why pilots are freaking amazing. "," Can pilots control the angle of the rear landing gear?","Nope","Question. Do the wheels pivot?","The front wheels on some planes can pivot for low speed taxiing but they are locked in the forward position for landing.","Those are some tough wheels to take that kind of abuse.","They are very, very tough wheels.","Also why it's essential to use the exact correct grease for the bearings.","What a beautiful land ","Go home plane, you're drunk.","As a pilot (recreationally, rather than professionally so they may be taught differently so I don't know for sure) this actually is not how you are supposed to land in a cross wind. You should stay parallel to the runway so the wheels are aligned with your direction of travel and land tilted into the wind. Also, in general, all wheels should touch the ground simultaneously. Even In a crosswind, the front and rear landing gear should touch as simultaneously as possible for the most control on the ground. Now, often landing in a cross wind, you often land tilted so one side (left or right depending on direction of wind) will touch the ground before the other but front and back should be the time. \n\nTldr: this is actually not how you're suppose to land in a crosswind. ","[deleted]","Have fun when you go off the runway or ground loop.","This is false. With crosswinds it's better to angle yourself, you become more aerodynamic and will keep the plane straight on the runway. ","Well have fun destroying your landing gear and also going off the runway by not having your wheels pointed down the runway. ","Rear landing gear are designed to sustain these kinds of stresses. This is a proper crosswind landing. ","Probably due to learning In an aircraft built in 1942. All I know is this completely contradicted what I was taught and my instructor was a military flight instructor. ","Taildraggers are completely different beasts...  Planes these days don't ground loop.","Tail draggers are still made and regularly flown. All real pilots also prefer them. ","You're missing the point. The plane here is not a tail dragger.","Or you're missing the point. I said it completely contradicted what I was taught from all of my flight school. It still contradicts that no matter what you say. Also, no matter what you say, side loading landing gear is very bad and having your landing gear pointing away from the runway is also bad.","So would you prepare the alternative which would be the plane nearly missing the runway and facing the grass when landing. ","What kind of planes do you fly?","Boeing Stearman is what I learned in and most my time is in. ","There are several options for landing in different severities crosswind. I believe this one is called crabbing. "],["Send all the love to /u/starkknives. He is the one who made this!","[MFW](https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/2015-02/5/11/enhanced/webdr10/anigif_enhanced-27008-1423154211-2.gif)","What's with this guys' fingers? Looks like he also tried dipping his hand into the acid.","I thought damascus steel just looked the way it looks, not that it had to have its appearance enhanced."]],"explainlikeimfive":[],"Art":[["Damn that's so cool-- was this the first time or this is your movement -- pieces in maps? Either way this is so dope! ","Yeah holy fuck this is cool","Mark Powell has done a bunch of these. He likes to draw on things like envelopes and maps and old encyclopedia pages. His Instagram is great if you want to see more!","https://www.instagram.com/mark_powell_art/","These are awesome.  Question for anyone who might know -- seems like he draws with standard bic pens -- how does this ink hold up in the long run compared to more archival quality ink?","Oh okay -- ","[Part of my collection.](https://www.google.com/search?q=art+on+maps&amp;rlz=1C1GIGM_enUS621US621&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=1017&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiemZiuyqjMAhVGsoMKHbmnDW8Q_AUIBigB)","Perfect ! ","yeah this is so fucking cool","Cartographer and GIS major here.\n\nYou people are all animals.","Just ending my first semester in GIS...ARE YOU NUTS THIS IS AWEWESOME","Don't worry, it was a vector overlay","I'm sure I detect slight sarcasm.  \n  \nOr does this map he that illustration was so horrendously drawn over carry some special weight?....as a Cartographer.","Can anyone tell me how all the black out areas of the east coast look so .. even? This is a ballpoint work and I just wonder how to avoid that \" scratching\" effect.\nAAR...Freakin'awesome !","I can't stop looking into this guys eyes. He has a story. ","Anyone else cringe at this comment?  ","do one with eazy e over a map of LA","I'd buy that. ","The question is why would he want to?","Well it'd probably be pretty eazy","Wow this is amazing\n","Reminds me of [those](http://www.dieter-kruse-leuchttuerme.de/Leuchttuerme)","Don't let Nicolas Cage get his hands on this!","There is incredible detail in his face and hands, job well done. Looking forward to the next piece!","I remember thinking it would take a man 600 years to tunnel through the wall with it. Andy did it in less than 20.","This really taps into the roots of America. I would love to see another with a Native American, or even both of them standing side by side","Hey its.......Jim!","Miss Watson's been lookin' a long time","It boggles my mind that people even have talent like this. ","I wonder how many people live in his silhouette. ","No one is bothered this map is ruined!","By ruined do you mean improved?","Yeah it's ruined, but who uses a maps anyways?","Shame you had to black out those portions at the bottom:(  Really detracts from the rest of it.","Everything is relevant. Thats one of the reasons I love this illustration. It balances the detail on the top and gives weight to the piece.","It kind of makes him look like a squatting frog.","lmao","Hell naw to the naw naw naw","Beautiful piece! It looks a lot like the work of add Fairburn, you should check him out.\nhttp://edfairburn.com/?projects=denver-southbound","Not usually an art guy but I'd buy this piece.","This is really freaking awesome.","The gulf at this angle looks like Michigan.","Wow that is amazing ","Completely amazing!","Wow, that's beautiful. ","His drawing skills are on point.","My old Kentucky boner.","Mr. Powell does not know what a ballpoint pen looks like..","You should sell prints of this, it's a great excuse for me to give you my money.","How do you pull of the variation of values?","Is that [J. Alexander](http://imgur.com/MH5DRvb) from America's Next Top Model?","Needs more tickling.","I knew somebody from my highschool that did a portfolio of artwork strictly on maps. Very neat, and thanks for the memories!","It's funny how hard it is to recognize a place on a map when it's oriented in an unfamiliar way.  Took me a while to realize that it was USA.","So inspiring! Great idea to use a map as a canvas! Im definately going to try one out for a canvas","I thought that was [this guy](http://img.cdandlp.com/2013/01/imgL/115819531.jpg)","This is awesome ","Does this not remind anyone of Gucci man?","Now *he* owns the country. ","Gorgeous. Reminds me of the sketches that vendors sell outside the NY MoMA but on newspapers and far, far better.","Damn! Some people are so talented. Not fair! Amazing work. ","This is fantastic.  A great idea, and beautifully done. ","That is a traveled man.","Incredibly powerful - love it! ","I love how it fades to black towards the bottom, amazing!","This is amazing ","Fantastic work! Extremely creative and original work there. ","This is so impressive.   What creativity a very moving piece... would love to see a collection in museums ","Damn that is one fine drawing.","Yeah, Beautiful Racism. \n\nIt is glaringly obvious the statement being made by the artist....\n\nThe blood of blacks being the \"ink\" of the cartographer....\n\nWhy not throw some Chinese people in there too, or did you forget they also built up large sections of this country's rail system so one didnt have to be on horseback or carriage drawn? \n\nBut no, the artist here only can see black or white and even then, you want to stay chained to the past. Yup, purposefully chosen word, chained.\n\nThe world is larger than just Black or White ya know..\n\nNo one alive today, was alive in those times- let it go. \n\nThis is nothing more than political centered art for some \"remember whitey didnt make this land\" movement...\n\nDo not be fooled by its first impression as being art for art's sake. NOT All art is a statement, but this is completely and utterly one... Do not be fooled. Racism can be pretty too.....\n\n\n","The map is certainly interesting but it would be even stronger without it!  This is because it causes a distraction from the figure who is powerful enough to hold his own. Great work!","Morgan Freeman?","Morgan freeman?","This is very nice.  IMO the map for this art should be one of the eastern US to further illustrate the man's story.  A full US map could be used to illustrate a Native American story.  His other work (posted online) seems to support this theme.","Is that Flavor Flav? Fantastic work nonetheless.","just needs to be rolling a joint in his hands","Whoa?! You like weed, dude? That's so fuckin tight!\n\nSo fuckin tight!","It's kyle!"],["definitely inspired by Kerbyrosanes \nhttps://scontent.cdninstagram.com/t51.2885-15/s640x640/sh0.08/e35/12677448_817835898345792_914995144_n.jpg?ig_cache_key=MTE4ODIyODY5NDMzNDI3NTExNA%3D%3D.2\n","Kinda looks like kerbyrosanes geometric beasts... ","you should really credit kerbyrosanes as this is blatantly copying his design.","Yeah make sure you cite Kerby Rosanes for the middle one","I am an amateur just trying to de-stress from my day job by emulating the artists whose artwork inspires me.  A huge credit to Kerby Rosanes for this particular 'Geometric Beasts'  design inspiration: http://kerbyrosanes.com","Emulation doesn't work very well with artwork. The whole underlying importance is creativity. The mechanical part doesn't matter nearly as much as the creative part.","I strongly disagree. The mechanical part IS the difference between an artist and anyone else. Anyone can have a creative idea, being able to render that idea using an artistic medium makes you an artist.","Digital to reality ","There's nothing wrong with emulating someone else's art, but I don't get the point in posting it?","Thank you yodelingchamp for your submission! Unfortunately, your post has been removed for the following reason(s):\n\n***It breaks rule 6:*** **Do not submit sketches, doodles or unfinished work.**  Post these to other subreddits like /r/IDAP, /r/sketches and /r/doodles instead. If it's an unfinished work and you need advice, then post it as a self post.  Also we request that you include nothing in the photo that is distracting or extraneous to the artwork, so please leave out such things as the media used (pens, pencils, paint, etc.), real people (including yourself), pictures of the subject (even for comparison), or anything else that would not be seen if the art were publicly displayed.\n\n\n\nFor more information about the subreddit rules make sure to read the sidebar, and if you have any questions please feel free to reply to this comment. Thank you!"],["This is cool af","Thanks, glad you dig it :)"]],"pcmasterrace":[["Who actually says that though. I have never once heard anyone say that.","I've never heard a real person say that, but occasionally I've seen PR/marketing/console focused journos say something to the effect of \"PC gaming is dying.\" I don't believe it's an opinion real people have. ","just look through youtube comments. I'm sure you'll find something fairly quickly","YouTube commenters are barely people, though... ","Best thing I've heard all day.","[This](http://www.statista.com/graphic/1/272595/global-shipments-forecast-for-tablets-laptops-and-desktop-pcs.jpg) relevant graph does show one possible indication of the relative decline of desktop, then laptop sales in relation to what is in fact an overall increase of computing device sales when all are combined.","I assume they are counting pre-built desktops and not components? Seems like a lot of people who are into PC gaming, at least seriously, tend to build their own, rather than buying prebuilt ones...","not to mention PC gamers don't have to by a whole new fucking computer every generation, so that brings that number down as well.  ","&gt;not to mention PC gamers don't have to by a whole new fucking computer every generation, so that brings that number down as well. \n\nAlso, we have to consider the large number of office desktops that might be replaced by laptops/tablets + a docking station.","also true.  ","If you can find statistics on component sales I'll fire up Excel.","Don't forget to add me to the list, I brought my components! There's *Dozens* of us!","Dozens!","NVIDIA's stock price/revenue/profit are all at highest point ever, enough said.","means we are paying too much!","but how many of these initial desktop sales simply get upgraded instead of being replaced?","Yeah I was about to say I've helped a couple friends upgrade their prebuilt systems when they asked me for helping buying a new computer since theirs was running \"slow.\" Sure there are limitations but why spend another 600$ or so on a low-end system when you can spend 300 in parts and just upgrade what you have?","&gt; spend 300 in parts and just upgrade what you have?\n\nSome desktops can't be upgraded.\n\nI had a Lenovo tower for a week or so. It had a PSU with a proprietary cable, and nothing would connect to it without an adapter I'd need to buy from Lenovo. The PSU was also 300W and secured to the tower, as in, it was part of the case, and could not be removed. I'm sure with enough force I could pry it out, but it was pretty much attached permanently.","Damn that blows. It almost seems like a scam at that point to force people to buy a new computer outright. Shady business practice in my opinion","This is why you don't buy IBM (lenovo now) or Dell.\n\nIt's been like this since forever.  It was a huge pain in the ass to upgrade their stuff in the 80's and 90's.","This makes me sad. I had hopes companies weren't still doing stuff like this but I guess not. Reminds me of the old dell p4's with the proprietary motherboards.","90% of this decline IMO is because PC hardware is just so good now.\n\nIt lasts a long, long time compared to 2 decades ago.\n\nMy current main PC is 3.5 years old, cost under a grand to build and is still upper midrange.  Only thing I've replaced since purchase is the video card, once - 2 years ago, and it's still good enough to run any game on maximum settings reasonably.\n\n15 or 20 years ago a $1000 PC was nearly dumpster material when you bought it, and after 2-3 years would be hopelessly obselete.\n\nMy brother's gaming PC still works fine even, and it's using my old hardware (q6600 and 8gb of DDR2, with a 560ti).  I am sure he doesn't have the detail sliders cranked, but it's totally functional and the CPU/mobo are 9 years old.","My pc has an 8 year old CPU and GPU and it works perfectly fine with a 12 and 13 year old hard drive with 2 GBs of DDR2 Ram.\n\nHonestly though the hard drive literally just started dying after a decade, but it still runs CS:GO and whatnot on a solid 60 FPS on minimum settings.\n\nSure it can't run the last 2-3 years of AAA games, but in my honest opinion, indie games are better anyway nowadays and they usually don't require beasts to run.","I can't argue with that. We should head over to /r/mobilemasterrace at once.","NPCs. They say the same few lines over and over, they mainly lurk in the same places and despite all their appearances of sentience they ultimately affect nothing and no one.","Be careful your going to piss off r/redditarmy and end up with like 15 down votes.","I might as well chop my dick off while I'm at it","I'm in no hurry to lose hope in humanity. ","&gt; just look through youtube comments.\n\nI wouldn't recommend that to my greatest enemy.","http://i.imgur.com/4E86TQA.gifv","If I look through Youtube comments I can find practically anything.","PC gaming has been dying for past 30 years... I stopped laughing at them 10 years ago... (Because the joke got too old)","I'm pretty sure nobody is saying that these days anymore, but it was said something like 5-10 years ago when PC Gaming really was on the brink of death.","I've been hearing that PC gaming was dead ever since the PS1 and N64 came out.\n\nStill waiting.","Yeah a lot of the younger pc gamers don't realize \"pc gaming is dying\" used to be huge. I remember reading articles all the time about PC being the dying gaming platform and how consoles were going to completely take over soon. ","The issue was more a market shift than a decline.  All the known indicators were going down.  Retail shelf space, retail sales, new system sales.  All went down.\n\nNow what happened is sales shifted to online/steam.  Retail space just wasn't needed.  Online sources closed many local PC shops.  It was just a market shift but the initial bell weathers cried death and we've been hearing it for 20 years.","This is very well said. Those who were playing a dirge for PC gaming weren't seeing the full scope of the situation. ","Except it never was on the brink of death","Maybe in America and such? I dont think I knwo anyone in Denmark that actually plays on console, granted we are a small country.","It went through a strange period of time, and Crysis and Unreal Tournament didnt do great. But you only have to look at games ranging from The Sims 3 (2009), Minecraft (2009), Fallout 3 (2008), or even just World of Warcraft, to see that it was never close to dying. It wasn't even a problem of piracy, although that may have played a part. \n\nI'd take from this the following lessons:\n\n1) PC Gamers are casual gamers too. Maybe even predominately casual gamers (by numbers).\n\n2) Steam is right, most people dont have kick ass computers.\n\n3) PC gaming is so diversified that a cheap game done right can sell millions, or an expensive game can just fail to sell.\n\nAlso to note: VISTA was terrible, DRM was terrible, piracy was ~~great~~ terrible\n","I'd say in the early 2000s pretty much the only thing keeping PC gaming alive were games like WoW. It was a pretty dark time with some pretty slim pickings.\n\nWe're talking the PS2/Gamecube/Xbox era, though.","Sure they're not just being inflammatory for clicks? Ya know, kind of like a lot of news media.","It was shit people constantly said a decade ago.\n\nhttp://www.videogamer.com/pc/crysis/features/article/pc_gaming_is_dead.html\n\nThat's just one article, but you can easily look into it further if you want to. It was a combination of a lot of things: poor PC game sales, developers (like Epic) migrating to consoles, PC gamers mainly sticking with mods like DotA and older games they already had like CS 1.6.\n\nThe phrase \"PC gaming is dying\" pretty much died off by 2012, possibly because of the rise of Twitch and people realizing that the top games being streamed consistently were PC games.","It's funny that there's people now that don't know that there was a real \"PC is dying\" crowd that had a majority of media convinced PC was kill or will be kill soon.","I mean, there's still a lot of MSM that tries to push this narrative that desktop PC's will die off soon, to be replaced by Ipads or what not","I think the big deal they were trying to make was how pre-builts had died.\n\nThe market has many options depending what the user wants and needs. Most people will either buy a laptop if they need something that will do internet and light apps, or they will buy a gaming laptop/pc parts for the build they want. Building a desktop for yourself is still cheaper than most premades when you compare prices for what you get.\n\nSo yea, premade PCs seem to be dying while the rest of the market is fine. That's the hole they're going to poke at. I don't think tablets filling a hole as the casual/office/internet device is bad at all.","here's a couple more recent thingamajigs:\n\n\nhttp://www.gamespot.com/forums/pc-mac-linux-society-1000004/pc-gaming-is-dying-29018586/ - 4 years ago\n\nhttp://www.giantbomb.com/pc/3045-94/forums/heres-why-pc-gaming-is-dying-519912/ - again 4 years ago\n\nthese threads were shut down by the commenters pretty quickly\n\nthese days its practically impossible to say its dying - VR and other cool stuff that adds reasons to get a PC... \n\nI also found and article on wired.. but i'm pretty sure that it focuses on prebuilt sales - which is the only thing in the PC industry that is Dying..\n\nhttp://www.wired.com/2015/03/no-really-pc-dying-not-coming-back/\n\n - my response.. no really its not.. the prebuilt industry is though... the parts industry is probably the strongest its been in a few years at least... in fact if someone can confirm that.. it'd be great!","[This ad is very ironic](http://imgur.com/vZWo5uW)","Also to add on, it was the release time of the 7th Console Generation (360, PS3) which were strong platforms, while Windows Vista was also released, an OS that was too resource intensive for lots of older rigs, and even new low-end rigs. \n\nThis is where the 'you need to constantly upgrade your computer to even play on PC' came from. It was a hard reality for PC Users who had their new cards go obsolete fast, meanwhile the consoles had a decent benchmark and a promise to be good and with no upgrades for several years.","One other detail:  Steam.  \n\nIn '04 Steam had just come out and in those days it was as steaming pile of shit.  Half Life 2 suffered from download and authentication issues.   Steam was so bad back then that in '05 it won the dubious \"Coaster of the Year\" award.  \n\nIt took a long time for Steam to really gain it's footing.  And then for the market of ports made readily available through Steam + growth of indie developers to really catch on.\n\nAnd oh god the hardware arms race.  In '06 you still had quite an inflated market for getting a decent PC gaming rig.  I gave up PC gaming aside from WoW for several years due to simply not wanting to invest more into a rig.  ","Upon telling a coworker that I finished building my rig, he went on to tell me how people don't even build computers any more, not even in Asia, and that everyone is going more for small form factor, so consoles are what's hot. He then tried to back up his statements by asking another employee if he was right that no one builds PCs. The other guy was as dumbfounded as I was and told him that, no, people still do build them. He didn't believe either of us.","I had someone tell me building a pc was illegal, when I told him it was not he said he meant it was illegal to get the parts from Japan cause 1. there computers are so much faster than ours so it wasn't fair for everyone else and 2. They could use the parts to spy on us.\n\nI didn't talk to the guy anymore after that. He wasn't even special needs, just stupid.","I mean, if they really wanted to, they could use the parts to spy on you, depending on the part and what not.. But that is one intricate as hell ploy. ","It's amazing the crap that comes out of people's mouth sometimes.","I'd believe this if you were both 7 years old (we all had that friend/acquaintence that spoke real big)","Most people are tech illiterate what are the chances of them knowing how to build a PC. ","Yeah, that was suggested by several click - bait articles by some outlets people not yet realized to be irrelevant. ","[Gamasutra](http://archive.is/l1kTW) , [Polygon](http://archive.is/rkvO8) and [Kotaku](https://archive.is/ht088) did an entire campaign revolving around this not so long ago.","Obligatory:\n\nhttp://i.imgur.com/KNxjKNw.png","God I was hoping the date was 4/1..","That's about Gamers (group) not Gaming (activity)...","Was it not them fighting GamerGate thing they did ?\n","Yeah about that...\n\nWe knew years ago that PR firms were hired by industry giants to shill for them on Reddit, forums, youtube comments, steam comments/reviews etc.  Name the largest gaming publishers and they have used it.\n\nThere is nothing to suggest that the people behaving like animals that drowned out the original argument of GamersGate were not simply PR shills hired to destroy the movement before it gained any steam.  To turn it into such a social pariah that nobody decent would even touch it for decades.  We just saw this play out with PR firms hired by Clinton's PACs against Sanders supporters and like idiots they said it publicly so it only partly worked but it did work.\n\nRemember GamersGate, before the whole mess that followed, was about holding gaming journalism in check.  Gaming journalism is just a PR arm of the games industry and it's lobbying arm.  They finally found direct evidence of corruption in the industry and it was going to blow the whole thing wide open.  \n\nYeah that never happened because the debate has not been about that.  It was shifted to men bashing women and how wrong that is and the only ones standing up for women are the games journalists, games industry and it's lobbying arm.  They turned the original argument on it's head.  That not normal.  That's PR or as they call it in that industry Reputation Management.\n\nYeah I don't think what happened to GamerGate happened by accident.","Of course it was not a accident, SJW will even turn on their own if they can make a cause of it with some kind of hashtag to it. It only take one echo chamber like the Polygon to poisoning the well and making everything about gender or race when it's not.","Spot on.  \nThe signature move of the PR shills and SJW's is stealing something with established meaning and stuffing it with different content as needed by their agenda. eg.  \nrape = catcalling  \nracism = Prejudice plus power  \ngamer gate = war against women  \n\nCatching up on the debunking of the \"gamer journalism\" cannot be done under the gamergate label. It must be something new, carefully protected against the label-theft of preted-SJW PR shills or actual SWJ's ","I had a friend who used to claim that PC gaming was dieing because of the numbers cell phone games were pulling in.\n\nI find it usually comes from people who dont understand why a casual cell phone gaming market would be so popular and think it compares to more complex games, think the decline of WoW / MMOs is a measure of the state of PC gaming as a whole,  and arent familiar enough with Steam or other digital distribution systems to understand why its literally a non-factor you dont see any pc games at places like Gamestop.\n\n","I hate \"mobile gaming\" with a passion.  I reall ydon't want to feel that way, but I have yet to find a fun game that doesn't require micro-transactions to enjoy fully.  I don't mind paying a bigger price up front, I just want a complete game and it is very hard to find one besides old RPG ports.  I can buy a fulle game without being nagged on a PC.","IGN, Forbes, any business magazine.\n\nThe thing is they think their is a correlation between Name Brand PC stocks falling, and PC users and gamers, when their isn't.\n\nThey need to look at the stock of every x86 motherboard manufacturer instead.\n\nIn my opinion, the reason name brand PC sales are falling is because the newer generation of humans on this planet is born into tech and tech savy at a very early age.  As such building PC's is much easier to learn and more natural and accepted.\n\nName brand PC's are falling because building PC's is rising, then you have groups like this educating people and raising the number of people doing builds even more.\n\nThe only thing keeping name brand PC's in business is their laptops.\n\nBut if the day comes when we can build laptops, those too will fall.","Name brands are levelling down(entirely different from dying) because regular average folk don't need to replace their PC every 2 to 3 years. As doesn't the corporations and universities. I just used Core 2 era PC in one of the less used computer-class rooms at my uni... And they were discontinued 5 years ago... Still work sufficiently for basic workloads.","&gt;The only thing keeping name brand PC's in business is their laptops.\n\nAnd business.","Yeah lots of people in this sub always quote it, but I've never heard it from anyone who isn't a PC gamer.","I know right, I feel like I'm on fucking buzzfeed.","It's a reddit thing. Make up something stupid and then argue against it. \n","That's like a strawman argument.","Strawmen are hardly exclusive to reddit.","No one said that in at least 5 years. Don't know who the heck would upvote this shitpost.","http://www.theverge.com/2016/4/19/11463302/intel-cuts-12000-jobs-in-wake-of-falling-pc-sales\n\nOP might be referring to this^ but falling pc sales does not equal dying off of pc gaming","Well,\n\nOver time computers will probably get less and less personal.","CMasterRace doesn't have the same ring to it tho","Ccmasterrace?\n\nFor cloud computing?","Or Crowd Control Master Race(As if MMOs were that complex anymore)","with custom built pc's,\nSelected hardware, and software:\n\nThey just cant get any personal than that.","At some point the only customization for the majority of gamers will be the color of their Intel NUC-or similar.  Everyone is trying to make the PC (also tablets/phone) into just a terminal for their services. It's happening already in various ways. Pretty much why everyone is constantly betting on the cloud.  Sucks.","\"Shitposting is alive\"","PC gaming is the largest it has ever been. 120 million+ steam users alone. It's kind of crazy how popular pc gaming has become tbh.","Not just in amount of users, but in revenue as well. Surpassed console sales back in 2013, in 2015 PC game revenues are estimated at 32 billion dollars while console are at 25 billion and mobile games at 25 billion as well. \n\nAlso out of 61 billion dollar digital sales, consoles only accounted for 4 of those. Basically console revenue numbers are inflated because they're still paying premium for packaging, retailing fees etc (some dev said those extra physical costs could go up to 50% of a sold unit).\n\nEdit: It was pointed out in a PM that 32 billion dollars is PC digital revenue, whereas the 25 billion dollar console revenue is digital and physical. If physical PC game revenue was added the difference would be even larger. The same report that projected console sales at 25 billion also estimated pc revenue at 33.7 billion.","Do you have a source on this? I have a brother who REFUSES to believe that PC gaming is doing okay and i would love to show him this. Tells me literally every day that i should return to console gaming before PC gaming dies out and I'm left with a big paperweight","http://www.ign.com/articles/2016/01/27/pc-dominated-worldwide-game-revenue-in-2015 and its sources","*The big revenue drivers for PC last year were free-to-play MMOs, which, according to SuperData, make up more than half of last year's earnings, with $17 billion. Social network-based games were also a major contributor, generating $8 billion in revenue for the platform in 2015.*\n\nOf $32Billion in total \"PC Gaming\" revenue, 17 comes from free to play MMOs and 8 comes from Facebook games- that's $25Billion- leaving only $7B coming from all the other PC games. \n\nPC gaming clearly isn't dead, but this doesn't really bolster the \"PC gaming is doing better than consoles\" argument, IMO.","Their definition of free-to-play MMO is extremely broad, and includes LoL, Dota 2, World of Tanks, Crossfire, Dungeon Fighter Online etc.","That's fair- I'm just pointing out that we should be thinking about this from a developers point of view- if you love AAA shooters on PC, this may not be great news. If you love LoL etc- it may be great news.","And F2P titles tend to be lighter on hardware use... the PCMR schtick seems to be superior graphics, but the largest revenue generators use middling graphics at best. Meanwhile, all the AAA titles are built for consoles first and then ported to PC.\n\nSort of puts PC in an awkward position.","Wow, what a shitpost... Who are you quoting exactly?","Himself ","Wow, he must be a professional quote maker","the smell","And butt cracks. ","http://imgur.com/gallery/SjcgE","Shame that guy got shit for that. It was goddamn glorious.","He's allowed back now though.\n\n","He got in trouble, why?","He didn't get into any trouble with the law, just the event's organizers.\n\nHe  took pictures of participant's butt cracks and then posted them online. It seemed to making fun of the event and it's participants... that now have their buttcracks unwittingly posted all over the world. \n\nThat's generally something an event would rather you not do.\n\nClearly. \n","I know you're not on the other side of this issue. \n\nBut maybe if they didn't want people to see their buttcracks, they shouldn't have them hanging out of their pants. ","Didn't want fellow MtG people to see their buttcracks, or didn't want the entire **world** to see their buttcracks, taken on the sly?\n\n... \n\nBut in some small way it is true that people should cover their butt cracks, because it's fucking gross, but this is not they way... ","It was really that he was defaming the MtG community and confirming stereotypes. MtG officials didn't like the negative image so they banned him for a while for exposing what we all know to be true.","Yeah I know the post but not any background story. I guess now everybody is very careful about picking a longer shirt before going to this event again.","i remember seeing this long ago , it's still fucking funny ","Jesus does number 12 even have a seat on his pants? His entire ass is out there. ","I sure fucking hope they clean all those chairs after the tournament.","I learned something today. If I want to lose weight, stop playing Magic the Gathering. ","And backpacks.  \n\nAnd cargo pants.","Went to a 2k players lan last week . Doesnt smell bad tbh ","They are more spaced out than most conventions and those places have heavy duty air exchangers","Yo, pax east is fucking freezing. That hall is like 59 degrees","That's really hot. ","50 then? I was just in a t shirt and after 4 hours in the hall, and 30 minutes in pc freeplay, I was shivering","50 is way too cold... Even for me and I'm from Finland and I hate summer... Also liquid oxygen make breathing hard...","50 is nice, and I'm from sunny temperate California.  And loathe summer.\n\nOnly reason I don't keep the AC set to 50 is $$$.","Here I am just freezing my ass off at 50 K","That measurment is in Fahrenheit not Celsius","I think Latte was confused about the temperature scales on purpose for comedic effect. I'm unwilling to evaluate how successful they were.","Well, their comment isn't negative so I think thats a least a positive thing ","What if the voters all thought it's Celsius","Most Americans should be asleep so that actually might be the case","From Canada, gave an upvote and a smirk.","Your last line makes you sound like a news reporter, now back to you Rick with the main story.  ","You could just be one of those smelly gamers tbh","I attended a LAN in late March in England. The smell isn't bad, just alcohol, honestly. ","i57? ","Holla\n\nH3-AB19 i think ","I56 wasn't bad either. The only pollution was noise from the CS teams.\n\nI58 will be the real test of how well the NEC can cool 2000 people and their kit.\n\nJust 4 months to go...","I was just at PAX East for work.  The Twitch booth was walking around giving out mini Old Spice deodorants.  It was hilarious.","It's dead and this is where they buried it. ","The Twitch booth this year was giving away deodorant. ","PAX East is amazing, sadly the tickets for all 3 days sold out in about 7 minutes.","Going for all 3 days is insane. Just accommodations alone in *Boston* can be 3 times the cost of the tickets. Boston is not a cheap town to have any sort of dwelling in for any period of time. They did not build vertically there like in a place like NYC. There is only so much space.","Is it close enough to travel to from a suburb near by? For instance, I live about 30 mins outside of ATL - rent is dirt cheap (420 a month for a 3 bedroom house) and I assume hotel fare is similar. ","Speaking rent wise, not really. Once you get out of Boston in just about every direction, are some of the wealthier suburbs in the state. Jamaica Plain is usually one of the cheaper areas. Hotels outside the city may be ideal but you still have to drive through some city traffic or take the T train if you happen to be on an active route.","30 mins outside of Boston and you're still looking at $1200-$1500 for a two bedroom. ","&gt; 420 a month\n\nayyyyyyy","I live in the area around Boston and took the train to PAX this morning. It's quick and easy. ","This is why I love Insomnia in the UK. Camp in a neighbouring hall the whole geekend: £25.","I fail to see the point of your New York comment. Boston doesn't have the population to support huge buildings like New York does, and New York is definitely more expensive than Boston. Doing so doesn't make it less pricey. Boston is expensive because income is high, unemployment is low, and standard of living is high.","Eh, I got em for my gf at face value a month before","Was this your first PAX? It's been like this a while. If you're going to go next year, I recommend setting up a page monitor on their site to see when the badges drop. That's how my group got theirs.","Fuck off with these shitposts.","Complaining about shitposts on pcmr is like complaining about the smell at a cow field.","Is this your first time to /PCMR? It's nothing *but* shitposts","But dude he used quotation marks!","Come to Assembly","A lot of those cases are exactly the same.  Is this a sponsored event? Or is that case just that popular (at the time)?","\"That's cute\" - Dreamhack winter/summer","How did you get every PC gamer into 1 photo?","They travel in a pack. ","I could make the same point and show a picture of a CoD tournament.","http://i.imgur.com/wT16MSM.jpg","But no one seriously says console gaming is dead. \n\n*For now...*","No one seriously says PC gaming is dead either. At least, not people who know WTF they're talking about.","Heh...and every one of those PCs are using corsair peripherals. Literally. ","Also 20 vr freeplay stations. ","I know!!! Need to find time to try those tomorrow.","For the oculus one you can just walk right up an ask no waiting. The line is only for the vive","Graveyard. \n\n/s","I can't believe OP would just post this picture of a bunch of corpses. And without a NSFL warning.","Nobody actually says that and you know it. Just fishing for upvotes in the pcmr circlejerk.","Don't worry. Dreamhack is keeping both PC gaming, LAN parties and esports very much alive. https://youtu.be/U8GEqoNIYi4","WHERE IS THAT","PAX East\n","Awww, I have school ;(","The 3 day pass sold out in about 7 minutes, and they were sold about 4 months ago.","holy shit","Oh, how I miss PAX.","LAN Syndicate from last weekend in Seattle.  \n\nhttp://i.imgur.com/q6HTz8A.jpg","There is literally a LAN party we are having (BYOC) just to the right of the PC Freeplay area and you post that instead?","This is like those FB posts that say \"WHOEVER THINKS TEACHERS SHOULD BE PAID LESS: READ THIS.\" It's a position literally no one holds and everyone else spreads it around so that they can feel good about supporting teachers.","My God, the power requiment for that must be insane. ","only IGN says this \" PC gaming is dying\"","Look at all that empty space above them. They haven't even got two floors","\"The PC is dieing\" started during the smart phone revelation.\n\nWhat people failed to realize is that just because 1 billion people have smart phones, doesn't mean they don't also have PC's or access to 1.\n\nThey also tried to do a 1 to 1 correlation between phones and PC's.\n\nA family of 4 wants 4 cell phones, they don't necessarily need 4 pc's, so it would be 1 to 4, or 1 to 6 in big families.","I am amazed at that site this weekend. \n\nStory time: I signed up for the UT2004 tournament at Pax yesterday - holy shit there are some amazing players of that game still out there! Made it to the semi finals then got wrecked. \n\n","My favorite thing about PAX. ","To play Devil's Advocate, MLG is pretty much Console only now. You can find the same picture with Consoles I'm sure.","They put all the pc gamers in the world in one room?","I feel like console gaming is dead. ","Just like wow is dying....And the Ottoman empire was dying....VERY VERY VERY VERY slowly. \n\nPC gaming will die. Eventually. But for the same reason the carriage did. At one point a PC will be...too powerful. Too large. Too...oldschool. Like, elitists will say 450 fps is just not enough, and 64k VR is just the first step, but most people will not care enough. Long after a console will be just a small module inside the small box that will be the \"really really smart TV\" \n\nHow exactly it'll happen? Well, the future is a very foggy road, and there's no map.","My parents argue gaming is a waste of time and is a bad influence. Such a small fraction of Mature gamers go insane about the action in them","My father has been saying to me off and on for 15 ish years. I'm 30. Masters degree, decent job, townhouse, pay my bills with no problem, etc. It's all about balance. I've been a gamer since I was 3, and also did/do active things. If it's all you do, it's a problem, otherwise, it's a hobby. No different than hunting, sports, etc. Do your thing. ","So sad to see that intel actually agrees.","PC gaming is dead came from a mass of information and poor metric analysis. The 2000 decade saw a shift from prebuilt PCs and physical game sales to custom builds and digital downloads. However the typical metric showed the decline in those markets, not the hardware or digital downloads rise. So to anyone outside of the PC gaming realm saw a decline.  These metrics also affected game publishers as they didn't see a need to support PC when consoled were really picking up. \n\nAround the mid to late 2000s the pattern continued and it wasn't until the 2010s that digital sales really started to become a standard in the whole metrics, advertising universe. \n\nTl;dr; PC gaming never died. It never was going away. Just a shift in what was being measured for sales. And it took almost a decade for these metrics to measure the correct market. ","Damn that's a big basement. ","Pc gaming happily being dead since 1981","\"These aren't PCs! They Are Advanced Consoles!\"... a friend of mine said this as I viewed my picture... If they weren't joked they'd be gone by now, lol","The PC is dying this is a fact.  PC gaming I hope lives on. Intel cutting 12000 jobs.  PC sales declined. Its a fact that the world is ditching their dinosaur pc towers for a portable experience . Tablets phones laptops of various types. PC gaming I hope lives on for at least another decade. It is changing though. ","each time pc game died (over 100 times throughout the history of journalism) the pc becomes zombie and lives forever.","More like a Phoenix.","[But pc market is](http://www.extremetech.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/computer-shipments-2015.png)","Prebuilt shit PCs by Dell or HP are dying.\n\nThat's why this graph also shows iPads. In 2006 a dude who had no idea what anything is would buy a laptop, now he buys an iPad.","Windows* market preinstalled on computers.","no... thats probably just Prebuilts... ","How old are you?  It was a common thing (and true thing) late 90s.","It shows up in a random gaming related article or blog every few months. At least, that's the only time I've seen it said not in jest.","Considering this is a \"pro gamer\" event and not real gaming, this isn't really proof.","Are you in denial? \n\nhttp://www.gamesindustry.biz/articles/2016-01-26-pc-trumps-mobile-console-in-booming-usd61bn-digital-games-market\n\nhttp://gamingbolt.com/pc-gaming-growing-faster-than-consoles\n\nhttps://opengamingalliance.org/press/details/core-gamers-are-expected-to-drive-record-growth-for-pc-games\n\nhttp://venturebeat.com/2015/08/28/the-deanbeat-as-the-consoles-show-age-pc-gamings-resurgence-becomes-more-obvious/\n\n","Here is a word cloud of every comment in this thread, as of this time: http://i.imgur.com/67dMgGD.png\n\n---\n\n[^[source ^code]](https://github.com/Winneon/makeswordclouds) [^[contact ^developer]](https://reddit.com/user/WinneonSword) [^[request ^word ^cloud]](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=makeswordcloudsagain&amp;subject=Requesting%20word%20cloud.&amp;message=%2Bcreate%20REPLACE_THIS_WITH_A_REDDIT_POST_PERMALINK)","Game PEOPLE dying!?","People used to say it more in the mid to late 2000s when it actually made sense. Because for a while there it did look like PC gaming was gonna completely disappear. ","The average temperature increased by 10C in the building that day. ","Was about to say something similar, imagine how much heat they're all generating. ","I was early 20s at the time. He was around my age. ","That, and that PC's that don't do specialized rendering or gaming actually do not have to be replaced because they still work fine.","The same people who say Deadpool was the first R-rated comic book movie. ","think of a stupid remark, picture that disproves peasant etc","10 years ago.... i heard it all the time from friends who became console whores.","Sweet graveyard.","Where's all the Ultrawides!!","Ohhhh you're one of those guys. Check this guy out everyone","This was just a failed post overall. PC gaming is not dieing, no one has ever said that and OP wanted up votes, gg","What Japanese computer is better than my Chinese MSI computer?","A mecha warrior? Those are Japanese right?","But does it run Battlefield at Ultra at 4K?","1080p @ 24 fps, but it's not like the human eye can see more than 24 fps so it's okay :P","Much more cinematic that way anyway.","I wonder if Thin clients are counted as desktops. ","They are also getting replaced with thin clients a lot because you don't need a full grown desktop on the hotel reception but a tablet or laptop is not a solution for such an enviroment.","I don't really know how you're going to track that. Consider if you'd bought a pc when the xbox 360 was first released, it's very likely the majority of pc gamers would have replaced it or upgraded it enough that it's almost an entirely new system prior to the xbox one being released. ","you can track individual purchases of hardware and find the average amount bought between all pieces to get an idea of how many 'new'  computers have been bought.  it wouldn't be 100% but it would give a better idea since most people only upgrade a few pieces for new gen titles. \n\nit doesn't matter what is replaced, it is still the cheaper solution.  lets not even get into all the other PC perks that save you money that consoles sorely lack.  ","YEAH PAX! YOU SHOW EM!","PC fags get a pic of 1 room and think its not dead LOL yeah carry your whole computer to a place to play with a bunch of other nerds. Ill stay at home on my couch with my more affordable system enjoying the convenience.","You do realize console nerds have big LAN's like this too, right? And that PC gamers can sit on their couch and play games just like you can? \n\nAffordability is extremely debatable too. There's plenty of PC builds that cost as much as a console that can play console quality games. Not to mention the ability to upgrade - some of the parts in my gaming PC are over 9 years old. Between that and the huge savings when buying games, I don't know if it's really that much more affordable. \n\n","I play pc, I was joking.","/r/pcmasterrace says it so they can perpetuate their own circlejerk. \n\nI've been PC gaming for 15 years and never once have I met someone who actually believed consoles were superior. ","TIL.","If you ever have the means to go to Sweden for Dreamhack you gotta take the chance. It's an amazing experience. ","Everyone where I work keeps saying things like \"Desktops are dying, tablets and smartphones are the future.\" They're all old farts who don't see the value in a desktop.","Everybody knows it isn't, this is one of those 'memes' has to stop returning to this sub because it's turning into a big circlejerk sometimes.","PC gaming can't be dead, consoles now use PC parts. ","I think I read that the pc gaming market is roughly the same size as the three main consoles combined.  I don't remember where I saw it though so that could be total horse shit","Damn zombies. ","Blops 3","Hi, can you please point out who actually said \"PC gaming is dead,\" OP? I've been part of the brotherhood for 5+ years and haven't seen anyone say that, joke or serious, in many many years.\n\nI feel like you're just shitposting to get easy karma. Please link to the location where you saw someone say \"PC gaming is dead.\" Otherwise, welcome to my ignore list. We do NOT need vermin like you in the brotherhood. ","You can scroll through this thread to find people that think/say it is. People have been saying this for decades, as a guy that's been PC gaming for 20 years. \n\nI'm really glad I never bothered joining this \"brotherhood\" in all of my years of gaming, ya'll don't seem very nice. ","Not since the early 2000s","And remember there are 2 other PAXes to go to. South doesn't sell out that fast, for example.","Your best bet is usually to go for the Sunday pass since it stays cheap even after resale and usually available the longest. I grabbed a couple and this will be my first PAX East. I don't have to fly in and stay in a hotel since I'm only 90 minutes out but still have to get up early to get there and find parking.","Lucky you look, I drove five hours from nyc to go lol","hurd dat","I mean, that's technically true but what parts are you actually likely to be keeping after a ~7-8 year span?\n\nI'll admit I'm a bit of a performance chaser and I'm hardly the average (I mean I basically dropped all of my savings on a Fury X), but if I'd had a rig for the same duration of a console generation I would *probably* be getting all new parts, with the obvious exclusion of disk drives and peripherals - even though the hard drives would probably still be fine I don't know that those are the type of thing I'd want to run till they were dead (because data loss sucks, and I'm horrible at remembering to back up my data).\n\nWe can improve things as we wish but over that long of a timespan we'll probably be changing most of the parts out.","still cheaper than a console. the ability to upgrade bits at a time make it way more cost effective, and keep it up to date more efficiently than waiting for a new console generation.  \n ","Depending on your rig, possibly cheaper I guess.\n\nHonestly I feel like at least in pricing, consoles are holding relatively similar now that the new gen has at least been willing to drop theirs. Sure, you can build a PC to rival them fairly cheaply, but it's not like you're going to get anything that great on a $300 budget (and you can often get both current gens at around that price range or cheaper), let alone with controllers, etc. included.\n\nThe cost efficiency imo really comes from the cost of games - I'd have spent I don't even know how much on games if I wasn't playing on PC, and I'd have far fewer games.","Know when PAX West tickets are released for sale?","That's why you should go by the number of unique steam users.","After removing the outliers/freaks that Dota 2 and CS:GO are, we are still left [10.5 million concurrent players just on Steam alone.](http://store.steampowered.com/stats) Now add LoL, Blizzard and pirates I think it's safe to say that as far the general idea of PC gaming goes we ain't going nowhere, even after counting for bots.","I think there are atleast 50 mil active pc gamers","That's just the national tax filing convention.","can you imagine the combined gamergunk on all those keyboards?","I think it's more than \"just\" gamergunk..","gamergunk can be a lot of things, gamergunk is everything","Even ported to PC AAA games look much better on PC. It's really not something you can argue when there are developers who do a good job at PC optimization and you can play their games above 1080p at 60fps.","Yes, it definitely gets a graphical boost. At the same time, look at PC release day threads, lots of people complaining about not being able to run 1080p at 60fps, or if they do it's with the highest end cards, and they STILL get frame drops and inconsistent rates.\n\nAnd at the end of the day, the assets are still built for console first, even if they do get a bit of tweaking.\n\nIt comes down to paying $$$ for the hardware to run under-optimized games. If you're flush with cash it's okay, but there's a point of diminishing returns.","I have a PS4, and while I enjoy using it, every game does not run at 60 fps without any drops. \n\nI'll agree with you on the last point though, if you have the money for it, PC gaming is a superior experience.","I'd just ignore it. Hell I'd even put a clock on your pc saying something like \"countdown till doomsday, the end of pc gaming\" and just have it ticking there...on and on and on...tell him every day \"any day now pc gaming is going to fall, gotta play while it's still playable\" 10 years down the line say something like \"I think this clock is broken it still hasn't gone off to tell me pc gaming is dead\" ...when console gaming is on its final legs making you pay just to connect another controller to the player 2 slot of a game, and he complains he doesn't have anyone to play with hand him the clock saying \"I think you need this more than me\" It's the long con sure, but it's a lot less stressful. ","This guy claimed to have worked at Dell, oddly enough, building computers.","I was at that last weekend and I'm doing BYOC at PAX East this weekend.","Haha wtf who even says that","Even non-gamers that need a desktop for other reasons seem to be opting to build their own these days. ","Or upgrade old units. I wouldn't get a brand new model because it would force Win 10 on me, and I like the way my current pc works. I just need a better graphics card. Why by the whole thing is I just need one part? ","I'm sorry you have to work with such a fucking imbecile.","/u/anamaltic I am sorry I have to tell you this. You may want to sit down for this. But I have some bad news, your brother.... your brother is retarded. I will give you some time to come to grips with this.","For a second I thought I was accidentally on /r/pccirclejerk, but then I remembered that it just redirects here.","I have absolutely seen a post recently where a console user has stated that PC gaming popularity is dying out. So, literally, at least one person maintains this position.","I think home-building gamers are a pretty small share of the overall desktop market. These statistics include every desktop in every office in every country.","I've done this a few times now. I buy refurbished pcs with a decent processor and stick in a decent gfx card/psu. Usually costs around 500 total and lasts for ~5 years of playing games on decent settings. ","Hey, there's me! I'm on the front page!","That's eqivalent to the url starting with kotaku.com https://archive.is/jkZ6p","He knows computers can do other things right?","Wait, you mean PCs can be used for stuff other than just games? What is this sorcery?","Another factor I've never seen the gaming press mention is that PC sales are worth more than console sales. With console sales, there's physical production, distribution, wholesaler cut, retail cut, etc. By the time the money makes it back to the publisher, they make $10-13 on every retail $60 sale.\n\nBut with digital, they get a flat 30% fee to go to the distributor (less if you're a big seller), so they keep $42 of each $60 sale.\n\nDigital also allows them to sell games for $5 and still make a $4.99 profit, whereas when you sell a console game for that low at retail you're taking a loss just to clear your shelves.\n\nPublishers make way more money for every PC sale, which means that even if PC sells 1/3rd as much as it does on console in units moved, the actual money made may be bigger.","Pretty much. Reminds me of this http://forums.ashesofthesingularity.com/418058/get;3088058 \n\n&gt;On a $40 game we net about $15 these days [2012] at retail. \n\n&gt;There's MDF, which is effectively a slotting fee, as well as the manufacturing, the distributor's cut, the retailer's cut and that's before taking into account the costs of having a retail sales force to go out and negotiate with each retailer, attend their shows, etc. \n\n&gt;That's just how retail is.  They still sell more units than digital (at least for us) but there is also a lot of risk and cost associated with it.\n\nThose who self-publish on their own platforms stand to make a lot of money these days. Steam's 30% cut is actually huge, but it is market price nonetheless. So when EA releases a new game that sells for 300 mil, it's no wonder that they choose to do so via Origin. 30% of 300 mil (technically less cause of VAT in some countries) is almost a 100 million dollars. Even if it was 50 - no, even if it was 10 million dollars, it'd probably still be worth it to *develop your own platform just for that game*. ","RIP to any women that went there","Said no one smart, ever.","Not really. MLG have gone into the CS:GO scene now. I assume CS:GO has a better eSports following than Call of Duty does, which is why MLG have gone partly into CS:GO on the PC.","Thank God, CoD is just an abomination and needs to be purged. ","&gt;2 GBs DDR2\n\nCan it run chrome tho?","Well it can, it starts up slow and unloads tabs if i don't use them for long, but i do run quite a few extensions aswell.","New definition of quite a few... 1","Nah, i got like 15.","about::blank doesn't count ! :D\r\n","Our whole lab cluster is core 2 at my university. We run Linux and some non intensive programs and it works great, albeit a little slow sometimes","My brother games on my old PC still.  Q6600 that just had it's 9th birthday.","\"Said no one ever\" ","Yeah, my bad.","How come they never have things like this in LA. I would love to go to something like this. ","Is this like a \"the king is dead, long live the king thing\" type deal?","someday i will attend to the lan someday..","I've never heard someone claim that. ","IGNs article says $8 Billion of that revenue was from Facebook games- do you think at counts as 'PC gaming'?\n\nMore importantly, $17B of the $32B came from free-to-play MMOs, which is good news if you play those, I suppose, but not so good for the rest of us.","&gt; IGNs article says $8 Billion of that revenue was from Facebook games- do you think at counts as 'PC gaming'?\n\nAbsolutely.","I won't disagree that it *is* technically PC gaming- it's just that the whole point of this thread is to discuss the health of PC Gaming. \n\nIn my opinion, when we talk about health, we're talking about the attractiveness to developers of continuing to develop the games we love on PC. A developer isn't going to put much stock in that $8B in candy crush revenue or the $17B in free-to-play MMO when deciding whether or not to develop their next AAA shooter for the PC. ","I agree that the social games are famous for disappearing (too much competition from mobile games). But you're dead wrong about the category free-to-play MMOs, which include LoL, Dota 2, CrossFire (world's most played FPS), World of Tanks etc. It's an extremely attractive format to develop for.","I guess that's all I'm saying, though- if you're a fan of that genre, then this is good news- but it's not a blanket argument for the health of PC gaming vs console.\n\nWould be interesting to see a break down of those MMOs/free-to-play to see what games are really driving it.","More players paying more combined isn't an argument for the health of PC gaming vs console? I disagree. And you're the only one who has narrowed it down to \"AAA shooters\", precisely because that's what sells most on consoles which you think is an argument. Still the world's most played FPS is on PC, and the most sold AAA action games (CoD, Battlefield, Star wars Battlefront, Gta V, Fallout 4) also get released on PC.","MLG was always console-centric, that's nothing new.","Of course, but like I said playing the advocate. I mean PC Gaming is in no way dead, and I'd never descend even though my eyes can't see past 24 FPS :D","And yet while all this is happening, there are more people playing PC games now than ever before.\n\nThe only people ditching their towers are people whose computer usage basically amounts twitter, facebook, and general web browsing.\n\nIf you want to track PC Gaming, track the sales of high end graphics cards - because while almost every other piece of hardware is seeing falling sales, Those $300+ graphics cards are only climbing.\n\nPC gaming is not dying. It's the rest of the PC that's dying. The Gaming is stronger than ever before. Steam has more concurrent users than Xbox live. Hell, there are F2P's that aren't even on steam that have player bases not that far below to the entirity of Xbox live.","That's pretty much what I said.  Yep. However PC gaming is changing. For the better? To be determined ","Yes, indie titles and free-to-play garbage is the cornerstone of PC gaming right now. PC gamers play it up like every AAA title is made and optimized solely for the highest-end PC hardware, though. There is a disconnect here.\n\nPC gaming is watered-down with mobile-like gaming experiences, pseudo-gambling (CS:GO) and people are holding that up as proof that PC gaming is not dying. Well, technically... but the brutal reality is not what they think (hope) it is.","lol have you tried running ark","No since i know it won't run, I'm not interested in that game either way.","its incredibly poorly optimized ","I know.","Add to that tablets do meet a lot of people's needs.","if anything, consoles are dead. Because a console nowadays is literally just a low-end pc. ","Consoles gave always been lower - mid end PCs. Console gaming isn't dead by any means just because it uses internals of a low end PC. \n\nIt's all about the experience and consoles are the biggest plug and play experiences ever with a straight forward UX for what they're designed for. \n\nPCs are awesome but consoles will always have their place and we should be ok with that. "," PS4 and X1 now both use x86-64. Consoles were always computers, just not x86 PC's is what I meant. \n\nOlder consoles didn't. So they weren PCs (in the same way an (old) Mac isn't a PC, more specifically an x86 PC, sure it's a machine that computes, but it's a different kind. This gen of consoles are literally (x86) PCs)\n\nWii U is the exception as it's still PowerPC-based \n\nI don't want to get lost in a semantic debate. From a practical point you're right, but technically it's a little different. But it's not that important. ","As a PC and console gamer. This 1000% percent. Some people don't have time to troubleshoot, tweak, adjust, reboot, etc just to play a game. Consoles serve a fine purpose. Plus once I opened up and got into multiple platforms my gaming experience has been better since I have access to more titles and more players.","Yeah PC may win in revenue, but I would bet that its only due to games like LOL, Dota, CSGO, TF2, which all rely on random crate opening or buying stupid cosmetic garbage which some people are able to justify somehow. I dont know how anyone past the age of 15 can play those games.\n\nI had a friend buy a knife in CSGO for 35$. I nearly shat myself, what a waste of fucking money, a whole game or set of games can be bought for 35$.\n\nI thought id never see the day but consoles are coming out with deeper games than PCs are. Console money-makers are Uncharted, Last of Us, Ratchet and Clank, Halo, Gears of War, God of War, Quantum Break, etc. PC money-makers are all addictive f2p microtransaction crap.\n\nThere are a few interesting PC games left, but they dont interest me like AAA console exclusives do.","You can do whatever you like with your money. If you like the pricing structure on consoles better, that's your prerogative. If you desperately want the console exclusives, obviously you should go for that.\n\nHowever, it does make you a hypocrite to state so boldly that you are interested in AAA exclusives but then turn around and completely discount the PC AAA exclusives. Of the 10 most sold pc games in 2015 by digital revenue, only 2 were available on console. \n\nIn terms of what the market is willing to pay for, PC games revenues are estimated to exceed console revenue by ~24% in 2015. \n\n\n","&gt;In terms of what the market is willing to pay for, PC games revenues are estimated to exceed console revenue by ~24% in 2015.\n\nOk, but my point still stands, most of that revenue probably comes from stupid f2p shit which only addicted teenagers pay for.","You do realize that there are a bunch of sorry driven games coming out for the PC as well, right? Gears of War and Quantum Break being two of them. Besides most of the few you listed, all big games come out for PC these days.","I'm a PC Gamer as well. But the only thing going through my head when I saw this picture was of Homer Simpson's voice yelling \"NERD\"","You should cite the photographer since this is a rip from a post on r/cosplay","So, I've been to PAX but never understood why you'd spend the whole weekend on your PC. Doesn't that defeat the purpose of going to PAX? As long as you're enjoying yourself I suppose, but there's so much stuff to do besides LAN it up with buds.","Sometimes they get to play games not yet released etc. ","Oh gotchya, that's neat. Thanks for the info.\n","Hm, those people might be zombies...","I see the same thing. There's a reason Microsoft's Xbox One division is pushing cross platform play AND streaming gaming to multiple devices. I can stream my Xbox to my PC or my tablet and play. Yeah you can do a screen share or remote access for your PC gaming but you still need the massive PC somewhere. \n\nAnd you see Valve's Steam moving more and  more into the living room. The concept of a stand alone custom PC gaming rig/station is probably dying expect in hobbiest markets and professional gaming circles. And this is coming from someone who hosts small LANs with friends and builds custom PCS for myself and others on the side. \n\n","This is the single most organized and non-chaotic LAN party I have ever seen.\n\nThough, with the advent of the internet I could never understand what the draw to huge events like this are. I could play with just as many people every day at home over the internet and not have to smell them or be exposed to sunlight.\n\nThe other stuff that goes on like panels and showcases and what not, sure. That's fun. That's a reason to leave the house. Packing up stuff and going somewhere so I can play Quake with a thousand other people I've never met in the same room: Not as appealing.","\n\nBack in the days of shitty internet the only option to not to have a shit online gaming experience was to do a lan party. lan parties died off after the internet got better, but have recently been growing in popularity most likely for nostalgic reasons  ","Yeah, I'd definitely say the draw is for like-minded individuals to get together and celebrate doing something they all love together, in person. The LAN is for the purpose of the event and it is also nostalgic. I mean, why go to any convention then? It's just to rejoice and make friends in a place where everyone loves the same shit.","I bet you that's because all the research and development dollars are going into androids and iPhones since 2009 or so.\n","Not all of it, but definitely most.  \n\n","Do asian countries have their own version of Steam? I'm curious since they often have access to their own MMOs, some even require SSNs to login (I think Korea). So I wonder if they have even more PC gamers but not counted. ","If you open the language settings in Steam there are Chinese and Korean as options, so I'd assume it's available there(not sure about how it works in mainland China).\n\nAlso there are lot of SEA dota teams.","Lived in china a few years. Steam is available there. But not sure if there is another steam like system that is bigger. \n\nIn my experience more people there would pirate than here, but that is from a small sample size ","Steam is not even blocked by the Chinese firewall. But Valve also had a DOTA2 major in Shanghai, so chinese Steam is Steam.","Lots of people use Steam in Asia, including me.","Asian countries can access steam. But I think the pc gaming market for places like china, are still more splintered than in the west. I don't think steam is quite the mammoth it is compared to what it is with western gamers. And I know the Japanese PC market is rather small, it's why often times Japanese pc games are terrible ports. ","It's a worldwide thing.","[You're wrong.](http://www.skepticink.com/incredulous/2015/09/07/a-brief-history-of-the-death-of-pc-gaming/)","Yeah, I meant literally no one, because ai know everything all the 7 billion people and this planet say and write at any given moment.","the sidebar saying that this isn't a circlejerk sub is one of the biggest lies on reddit","Depends if you use an AMD CPU with the stock cooler or not.","Perhaps it's not supposed to be taken literally, but rather figuratively. The phrase isn't actually referring to PC gaming (or gaming in general) but perhaps the people behind the screen or console/controller.\n\nWhy do we meaninglessly kill each other for meaningless points (kills, achievements, rank...) for hours on end? Each hour spent living vicariously through a character(s) that only exists in binary (0s &amp; 1s, or bits) is just 1 more hour wasted that could have been productive.\n\nThen again it could just be the Micro$oft or Sony-machines paying off the \"journalists\" or starting their own astroturf movement.","Exactly. \n\nIf a woman ran out in the street naked and people took pictures of it, who is at fault? ","Numbers going up the game,\n\nGo uses your higher numbers to make people with lower numbers lose to make your number even higher!!!!","&gt; 90% of this decline IMO is because PC hardware is just so good now.\n\n&gt;It lasts a long, long time compared to 2 decades ago.\n\nThey really do. I used to have to build a new pc or do some major upgrade every two years or so. I built my current machine last year. (Bought some parts in winter of 2014). 5930K, 32GB RAM, GTX 980. Before that I was using a Q6700, 8GB of RAM and a GTX 260. I had been gaming on that since the GTX 260 192core version came out and it was starting to lag in space engineers (CPU physics) and I had wanted to build a new pc for years. It still ran all of the other games I played just fine.\n\nI sold or gave away most of the parts to friends and coworkers since they all still worked except the GTX 260. I was using it in my \"server\" until recently.\n","Desktop=/= pc gaming.  \n\nLooking at some form of game sales data would likely be the better way to assess the market size.  Or Nvidia/AMD Gpu sales figures for all cards above X threshold.  \n\nThose figures would be more indicative of the pc gaming market than overall desktop pc sales.  ","Huh,\n\nThat's literally the exact way I feel about it, And, I'm to broke to even personalize any computers.","Click-bait articles and karma whoring posts like this one.","The desktops may drop overall, but more if them are more expensive game oriented ones.","Scimming through the comments makes me think that showing this data is a not a good representation of PC gamers. I think showing for example how much PC games are sold are a good estimate on how much PC gaming is alive. Or hours spent on game time (Steam or Origin). Maybe there are other possible ways but the sales of PC is not one of them.","Truest thing you've heard all day","Which, making over 99% of PC sales, do not represent the market at all, right?","Not when it comes to PC gaming, Hardware sales for PC gaming has been steadily on the increase for the last decade. And sales have been around the same as Xbone and PS4 combined [when this report was made.](http://jonpeddie.com/publications/pc_gaming_hardware_market_report)","Good answer, totally ignoring the subject which was pc market, not pc gaming. Gaming hardware represents an infime portion of the PC market at large, which is dying. It's not because an insignificant subset of a market is doing well that the market as a whole does well. It would be like saying that the automobile market is doing well because the sport cars sales are great, when the common cars sales are going down by 20%.","The comment was taking in this thread as a whole. Niche as it is it's about 10% of the market and the portion with sales increasing.","There are almost 550k subs on this subreddit. If i were to make a guess, I would assume atleast 40% of this sub has built/purchased a custom PC in the passed 5 years. which WOULD actually correlate to that graph quite well as 2011 you see a downfall of prebuilt PC shipments.","Well... 40% of 550k represents 220k people. Yearly PC sales are counted in hundreds of millions unit. Per year. So 220k people, or even the whole sub at 550k buying a gaming pc wouldn't cause as much as a tremor in the market. To speak statistically, if every people in this sub bought a whole new gaming system in 2016, a drop by 2% of the PC market at large would totally annihilate the gain by a factor of 10. Means even if the whole sub bought a new system every year, we still only represent less than 0.2% of the PC market as a whole.","It was in magazines all the time.","Question, why did you go with a 6700k 960 combo when a 6600k 970 combo would perform better in game? ","A local store had a deal on the 6700k and 960. And I don't game that much but I did need a good cpu for work.","I get you. Went with a 5820K myself for a similar reason. ","Dude, I see you all over the place. Mostly photography subs. Anyways\n\nIf he's anything like me, the CPU performance and hyperthreading potential of the 6700k was more important than the performance drops of the 960. The 960 is sufficient for my needs, but my rig being used for more than gaming, the better multitasking performance of the i7 was more important. Of course, this is all through the lens of budget.","Camo cargo pants","I've never heard PC gaming is dead but I've heard a lot about PC's being dead ","if you watch or listen to financial analyst speak about pc's and their role in the future you would hear alot about the \"pc industry being in decline\" because companies like intel and amd's shares aren't meeting estimates","yeah, decline meaning making a lot of money, just not enough. Because it's never enough. It always has to be more and more. That's unsustainable in the long run. Infinite growth can't exist. ","This is the scene at the free play portion of Pax East. Several\nHundred PCs are setup to try out the latest and greatest. Right past this is a section for VR (some 30 units, you need to sign waivers) and finally the massive table top sprawl beyond\n","People still buy legit copies of Windows?","Don't you have that urge to know who brought them to the video you're watching?\n\nI recommend reading some comments to the song \"You don't own me\", which is used in the second Suicide Squad's trailer. I think outcome is quite predictable.","My god.","12 year olds on YouTube.","Are they all on teams? Or is it just a massive solo queue type thing ","Is anyone actually still arguing that PC gaming is dead?","This is a necromancer's work. I'm sure...","It was a pretty common saying in the early 2000s iirc, then gabe came and brought us steam. Praise the Lord! ","That's a lot of tombstones.","8350 mothafuckin represent!","YEAH!","He probably knows tbh","and they're definitely not comments.","Not one female in sight...","That's because there on twitch milking these guys.","That's at PAX East. I went Fri and Sat. Fun times","\"pc gaming is dead\" over 20000 people at dreamhack to play on pcs or watch people playing on pcs","Same here. Went to a 6k players lan last year [and took this picture](http://imgur.com/suZnqVj). It didn't smell bad really, they had a good ventilation system.","Unlike us, We Are People! ","EA and Ubisoft CEOs both said it at one point.","wow look at all them zombies","atrophy, atrophy everywhere","Thinking about going to Dreamhack this summer, but I'm pretty sure it's impossible to get tickets now because the thousands of tickets are already sold out after the first day.","yup, that there is the last of the PC gaming tribe, they say they can see past 720p and 30fps, though the extinction of them shows us otherwise....","we are many","we are PCMR. \n\nwe are legion. \n\nwe do not forgive.\n\nwe do not forget.\n\n***[PCMR](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGRsXwVr-Rs)***","*the hacker known as PCMR*","Never laughed this much in my life.. PCmr dying? Dream on peasents","What games support 2k players?","&gt;getting baited in 2016","Fuck no! Pc gaming is at it's peak of liveness right now. Thats how i see it at least\n","That's funny why is there around like 30k ppl playing ARMA3 everyday","Shit. Post.","I have never ever heard anyone say that PC gaming is dead.","My brother... He's told me that.  Still has an Xbox 360 that believes is the master console. ","The electric bill for that LAN party is going to be insane.","They harvest electricity from the sweat dropping off of these guys.","'Lan parties(gaming) are dead' would be more appropriate title imo. At least because I hear it on everyday basis.","At big events like this and eSports especially it's not dead.\n\nAt home, it's mostly dead as people tend to use online multiplayer.","But that's not even true now is it? Sure, not the big ones. Isn't Starcraft this big thing in Korea? That's technically a \"LAN party\" those pro-tournaments\n\nor QuakeCon.","I think it's true for local lan parties. Like with group of 3-7 friends. Not many games even support lan play now.","That's a nerd-fest, not a sign of a healthy industry.  \n\nSorry guys. ","not a single woman\n","Yep. ","All I could smell was that hog roast truck. Mmmmmmmmm","It's been dying for as long as piracy has killed game companies. ;)","I know plenty of people that play on console, and I live in Denmark as well.","as someone who hasnt owned a console since a gamecube/ps2, I have been getting very jealous of the new age console only games coming up\n\ni might have to buy a ps4 just for last guardian and ff7 remake, I dont think PC gaming is dying or whatever, but I do think the circlejerk that consoles suck is stupid\n\ni dont post here at all, im not even sure if this subreddit is satire or not, but to say that PC gaming has great games every year (when games like GTA/division are lackluster, and other games just getting straight up cancelled) that can match up to consoles would be lying to yourself","Waiting for the first pictures of a LAN party with mostly VR players.","Hey a Chinese gold seller factory. ","Literally no one says this. Who are you quoting?","Don't believe shit just because someone says it.  People say stupid shit all damn day.","I'm volunteering at insomnia scotland, there's like 50 people doing LAN. Should be easy. ","The irony here is that all the PCs appear to be exactly the same build in this picture. Almost like...a large gathering of consoles. \n\nWhile I don't think PC gaming is dead per se, in my own life I've shifted away from PC gaming a bit and more to console gaming. As I get older and busier I just want to play a game, not spend 30 minutes tweaking settings, troubleshooting, upgrading/replacing parts, and not being able to trade/sell/loan my games. Also I've found console gaming in my groups of friends to generally be more social than PC gaming. For me the only real advantage over consoles that PCs have is better graphics and better implementation/use of keyboard/mouse controls. Plus so many games are just console ports to PC which is really crappy. I don't see any of that changing. \n\nIt also depends on the games you play. Some titles and formats are just more popular on consoles and if it's an MP game you need others online to play. \n\nI love my custom PC but I also love my Xbone and PS3. \n","This looks like it could be a \"pro-level\" event so it's not BYO for obvious reasons.\n\nBut that's the nice thing about PCs. The case is just the case. It's the guts that matter.","Is it not a shrinking market?","Every console gamer I know IRL says it.","Looks like a graveyard to me. The bodies of the damned beneath their overpriced tombstones.","That's a lot of virgins. ","You mean people that make asine comments such as this? ","Well it's just a joke. Must have hit a nerve. ","No one anymore but it was commonly said around 2005-2009.","Intel did just lay off 10,000 employees as a direct result of slumping pc sales.","That sounds awesome","Insomnia is pretty good","Alcohol puts my butt to sleep. ","Gamers don't necessarily smell. Especially adults.","MASS EXTINCTION.","Does anyone have the numbers? How many people are currently at PAX this year?","Fun place.","In recent years, all I've seen gaming journalists do is suggest that consoles are dying, not PC's. Before the PS4 and Xbox One launched there was a ton of speculation about whether people wanted consoles anymore and if this was going to be the last generation. And even with both consoles being a massive success, people are still speculating that a PS5 or Xbox Two would fail.","I don't think it's dead/dying, but it's becoming more of a niche and enthusiast hobby rather for serious gamers, whereas consoles are more accessible for the casual gamer who doesn't have the time/money/inclination to invest in a decent gaming rig, they just want a machine to play FIFA and Call of Duty with their friends. That's not to say it's a bad thing, and it's not to say that you're not a true gamer unless you play on PC, it's just that PC gaming tends to be marketed towards the enthusiast and the hobbyist rather than the player who might only pick up a controller for an hour a week to play with a few friends.","[Brief History of the Death of PC Gaming.](http://www.skepticink.com/incredulous/2015/09/07/a-brief-history-of-the-death-of-pc-gaming/)\n\nThis summary cites this claim almost every year since 2001. Includes gaming sites, media, and \"regular people\" gamer/bloggers.","That's how the dead smell.","confirmed IGN not real persons ^^","Just wait for dreamhack summer this year.","That's because the money they get from PC Gamers is a bit smaller than from Console Gamers and since PC Gamers are louder on the internet than console gamers with their complains they ask themselves why they should listen to that.\n\nMaybe it's because PC Gaming is a bit less casual and less for the masses, there is piracy, but it's also because we have already a huge library of games to choose from, so we don't need to buy shitty AAA games and I believe PC Gamers tend to educate themselves more how good a game is before buying it.\n\nSo whenever someone says \"PC gaming is dying\" it's basicly people crying over the fact, that we are too smart and don't give people money for shitty games.","Dat power bill","i think i see a free seat! brb","Literally no one ever says this except for when you idiots post shit like this. ","There wasn't a smell.","&gt; a\nDidn't IGN/Kotaku say it?\n","Nobody says that ","[deleted]","\"PC gaming is dead\" was said long before World of Warcraft was released though.\n\nIta just something some people say for some weird reason, and there has never been any reason for it. World of Warcraft never killed PC gaming, nor did it even really put a dent in the market, except for making everyone seeing the potential MMO have, much like Call of Duty never killed console gaming.\n\nIt mostly seems like this whole \"PC gaming is dead\" is something very US centered though.","[deleted]","As I said, US centered phenomena. I'm not even sure we even had Gamestop where I live until like 2010. If you didn't play WoW, you probably played WC3, or Quake or DotA or Counter Strike.\n\nPC gaming was always going strong in the gaming stores we had though, not to mention Steam that was basically booming from 2005 and onwards.","[deleted]","But it's not really true. You just have to take a look at the list of best selling PC games to see that.\n\nFrom the release of WoW and forward:\n\nCounter-Strike: Source, 2.1 million.\n\nHalf-Life 2, 12 million.\n\nCossacks II: Napoleonic Wars, 2.5 million.\n\nGuild Wars, 6.5 million.\n\nImperivm: Great Battles of Rome, 1 million.\n\nAge of Empires III, 2.5 million.\n\nCivilization IV, 3 million.\n\nThe Witcher, 2.1 million.\n\nCrysis, 3 million.\n\nSpore, 2 million. \n\nMinecraft, 23 million.\n\nThe Sims 3, 7.72 million.\n\nStarCraft II: Wings of Liberty, 6 million.\n\nCivilization V, 5.8 million\n\nMagicka, 2.8 million.\n\nTerraria, 11 million.\n\nThe Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings, 2.2 million.\n\nThe Binding of Isaac, 2 million\n\nDiablo III, 12 million.\n\n\nYeah, this got boring. The point is that PC gaming have always being chugging along well. The numbers of sales before WoW are similiar to the numbers of sales after WoW was released.","Yeah, if you wanted to make games 25 years ago you'd had to buy a 10 grand computer / workstation. And that's just one machine. (source: Masters of Doom, Carmack's NeXt computer)\n\nNowadays you could probably build Wolf3d and Doom on any pc.","Really not a problem as these events are managed and maintained by event-oriented people with priorities to health and safety. I've been to NPF in Denmark a few years now, last year with 2700 people inside a conference hall and although it is warm from a lot of computers and a few servers, nothing is smelling foul or bad. ","PC gaming is the only gaming, it will never die","Just glorious","Can't believe people up vote this shit haha. Get the fuck out.","I am a bit embarrassed that this is the proof of PC gaming not being dead. Would anyone else rather prefer Martin Shkreli in front of a computer?","yep, dead to the bone http://fm.cnbc.com/applications/cnbc.com/resources/files/2016/04/22/Newzoo%20games%20market%20segments.png","All the time Zack. Just the other day I watched a POS piece on the Big Think Youtube channel (A channel for smart ideas) and an old Valley girl went on and on about how PC's en masse are becoming obsolete and soon all computing will be done on mobile and tablet. ","I saw people say that during the mid 2000's, back when torrents were on the rise, and before Steam became popular.","This is what I was picturing LAN Syndicate to look like, not what I got.","Checks out, rip","I wanna go","I was at Dreamhack in Sweden last year, the near-endless neon colors from the rigs and screen glows at dark at night in the largest arena was truly amazing to see. ","I was there, doesn't smell bad.","Where is this?\n","Pax","Intel has actually released information/stats showing that PC gaming is in fact a growing market. ","Your average game studio that sells their game on both consoles and PC always make at least X5 the amount of money on consoles, even if the game is sold at the exact same price. PC gaming isn't dead, but its significantly smaller than console gaming, and constantly becoming smaller.\n\nEA: https://i.pls.press/ay1fxYO.png\n\n2k: https://i.pls.press/O2PpMLC.png\n\nActivision: https://i.pls.press/8ddjnHv.png\n","You're wrong about PC gaming becoming smaller, in fact, it's larger than the console market! It's a growing market, not shrinking. Your claim is completely incorrect. The PC gaming market is twice the size of the console market, and continuing to grow. It's expected to hit 21.5 billion this year and top 23 billion in 2017. The article I linked has sources too. I'm sorry but you're just completely off base and wrong on this topic. [Source](http://www.forbes.com/sites/marcochiappetta/2014/07/14/the-console-war-is-over-the-pc-already-won/#68fe7f8e3b15)\n\nEdit - You're looking at three company's SEC filings which is a great way to cherry pick information in order to make it fit your view. You're completely leaving out multiple aspects of the marketplace. A market includes all aspects of the industry (hardware, services, software, etc). Those numbers are meaningless in the context of our conversation. ","Those were just the companies I knew off the back of my head. If you find one semi-major company that doesn't reflect this same trend of decreasing PC revenue and increasing Console revenue, then I'll admit I was wrong.","Intel... Did you even read the article i posted?","Everyone used to say that back in 2006-2009, then it slowed down to just the most fanatic console gamers, then the current generation came out and most people realized it was the other way around.","I think at this point,  there is actually no one saying that. ","No one has said that since 1999... \n\n","That's a lot of dead people.","Not a problem at pax east. ","The technology just isn't there yet.","No one. Op just wanted karma ","It was talked about that pc gaming is dying ~8 years ago.\nedit: Makes no sense to talk about that now, so no idea why some people still say that when it's quite different now.","I love seeing this. Especially since the company I work for provided all the computers =)\n\n","Nobody has said this ","This is some real autism. Nice community you guys got here. ","Anyone who was PC gaming back in 2000-2005 knows \"PC gaming is dead\" was a real thing.","I don't know why you're being downvoted. It was everywhere, and videogame stores seemed to be doing their damnedest to kill it, shrinking the PC gaming shelf space smaller and smaller every year.\n\nThen along came Steam and *boom*. Fuck *you*, Gamestop.","This is absolute truth. I was in high school 2001-2005 and watched Walmart (the closest thing I had to a PC game store in Bumfuck, Mississippi) go from an entire aisle of glorious computer games to basically one shelf on a corner.","No it was picking up still.","Literally no one says that anymore","Plot twist: That is the total number of PC gamers in the world.","This statement is as outdated as Ronaldo is a diving queen. No one says it anymore.","What event is that?","Looks like pax east","Well, we are talking about an event. In this context what i'm talking about would be hotel accommodations within an hour or so that might be significantly cheaper than staying in the city for PAX ...","I just got back from all 3 days; I go all 3 days because, for me, one day isn't enough. I'm also local and driving/parking is a pain. Staying is worth it if you're willing to save. To those who say it's ridiculous, I understand and won't argue against you. If you're here reading this, though, all I can say is \"Go!\" Even if it's just for a day, go and meet those you don't have to explain yourself to and what you enjoy. A majority of people there are friendly and making new friends is all part of the fun. I have so much to add, but I don't want to build a wall of text. Feel free to reply with questions!","We're stuck in traffic on the pike right now heading home. It was definitely worth it and we'll probably do 3 days next year when we have more money and can take more time off work.","I can't do multiple days at these things. Too many lines, not enough to do outside of wandering the expo center and playing some SFV and Melee. I went yesterday though, and it was awesome. And I didn't wait in a single line (aside from entering)!","Before Steam PC had a ginormous issue with piracy, and a lot of people would say that. The majority of console games wouldn't hit PCs. But at the same time, WoW was the biggest game in the world and it was PC exclusive. \n","I feel like people said it a lot more awhile ago. A few years ago it was getting tossed around constantly. Now even the ignorant know it's not dead. ","The people that say PC gaming is dead are the ones trying to play call of duty on PC. ","\"PC gaming is dead\" - The corniest and most overused phrase since 2005","I don't think people say this anymore. Unless you read YouTube comments all day.","It only took 7 minutes because of the queuing system. Realistically, you had to log onto the website within two minutes.","Around two years ago it was a semi-common sentiment. No one thinks it anymore though.","I feel like console gaming is a teenage thing. I know that I only console gamed when I didn't make enough money to build a gaming PC.","Do all your sentences run off like that?","*Whoosh* .. [It's a meme.](http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/john-is-kill)","I think you're confusing his shitty grammar with that shitty meme. Besides that, am I supposed to know every single \"meme\" just so I can comment on a website? I doubt that he even knows what that is.","The fuck are you doing on reddit not spouting memes?","Forgive me, for I have sinned.","It's okay to not know, you don't have to get all angry about it","I can get angry about whatever I want to get angry about. Who do you think you are, telling people what to be angry about and not.","I'm just saying, if not knowing an internet meme gets you this upset, you may want to re-evaluate your priorities in life ,for the sake of your own health","Okay spider, thanks for the input. I'm glad there's peolle like you who care about other people.","to be honest I don't really buy games often nowadays. \nNot interested in poorly ported games. Gimme real games made originally for PC, then we will talk. ","Rocket League.","Look at all those ghosts.  ","LAAAAAAGGG! ","[16 april Rotterdam Ahoy, EU LCS](https://imgur.com/VLmfncW)","#**K**","Haha nerds *upgrades my PS4.5*","So, there's a bunch of guys watching youtube, your point is?","I still hear people call this the \"post-PC\" era as if the PC is completely dead and gone. Sure plenty of people have switched to smartphones and tablets, but the PC isn't dead yet and I'm thinking the new VR trend will revitalize it.","For reference. [A Brief History of the Death of PC Gaming 2001-2015](http://www.skepticink.com/incredulous/2015/09/07/a-brief-history-of-the-death-of-pc-gaming/).","The latest is that 2017 will bring greater game sales on PC than console and mobile combined .....\n\n\nNo one says that","Showing a picture of a couple hundred people at a single event sure proved those actual, totally not fake people, wrong.  Yes-sir-ee bob","All those Chinese WoW gold farmers...","You buy gold now? JUAN HUNDRED DOLLA","How do I become a part of this?","I'm sorry but who has ever said that PC gaming is dead? Apart from Youtube trolls or that one friend a person might have on Facebook. I don't think anybody sincerely thinks that.","It's actually on the rise again after a slump in the late 2000s","&gt; PC'S ARE DYING\n\nohh new keyboard","I can not see a single PC that looks different.","&gt;This is where the 'you need to constantly upgrade your computer to even play on PC' came from.\n\nIt was around *looooong* before that.  I've been PCMR since 1997, or mid-80's if you want to count my old Macintosh 128k (although not much upgrading there).  If you wanted to play everything well, you legitimately needed two seperate video cards in your machine, each with its own upgrade cycle.  Add in actually needing sound cards, modems, and various network cards over the years (my first NIC used the old coax standard), and the upgrades really were endless for a long time.  Now, you can get a lot of that built right on the mobo, and RAM is so cheap, it's nearly impossible to have issues there.","I came here to bitch at you, \"who is saying it's dead?\"\n\nBut the 800x comments attacking OP made me think, hey, maybe the title sucks, but that's a helluva cool aircraft hanger and I'm glad OP posted it.\n\nSo I reverse image searched the image and it seems to be legit OC. So there, have an up vote OP, even if your title is a little editorialized. Everyone else needs to chillax and play more games if they are going to lose their shit over 4 words.","What does that prove though? You could assemble that much people to almost every topic.","It was a recurring troll meme circa 2006. Direct X and Open GL were jumping through their butts and the 360 was pushing honest 720p on everyone's new flat screens.\n\nAnd then Crysis came out.\n\nAnd The Orange Box.\n\nAnd WoW.","I think [this](http://store.steampowered.com/stats/?l=english) is a more convincing point of PC gaming not being dead.","Rip it was fun. Guess ima play console now. ","I am more floored 2007 is one year from being \"a decade ago\".  Goddamnit.","I fully recognize this is a shitpost, however I prepared an even shittier rebuttal. A crapbuttal if you will:\n\nBecause you cant see our glorious e-sports festival from the valley of the tripple-a doesn't signify death. Hell, we'd like you to come over and taste the 4k-60fps-utra-setting graphics and hyper-competitive high-APS action, so we have a smaller booth called the Twich Stream where thousands of concurrent peasants can watch the spectacle for free. Build a 200 dollar gaming rig (cheaper than those glorified midrange machines that landed you in the tripple-a trench), borrow your mom's computer for an afternoon, or even watch the broadcast on your high-powered tv set top box you call a consol and jump right into the action... you fuck.","correct me if I'm wrong but [those look like corsair c70s'](http://www.corsair.com/Media/catalog/product/c/7/c70_w_right_1_1.png).","Those buttons are fuckin sweet! :D","These sorts of posts are made by communities that are dying though, just saying. If you have to argue it then something's wrong.","There is no evidence that because something is argued, that it must hold some truth.... Not sure why people are up voting this.\n\nThis whole thread hackles akin to the circle jerks you find on pcmaster race Reddit.... He knows it's not dying and is looking for a reason to show off.","People that use consoles are not peasants, but you? You are a peasant.","More like growing","GOD! I wish there is something like this in the Philippines.","I haven't heard anyone say that, but i have heard that PC's are dying.  Basically every financial analyst is saying this due to poor sales by companies like intel.  Just answering the question","Just realized I haven't bought a new processor in 9 years. Are people like ME the reason Intel is moving away from the \"PC\" market? Daayuuum.\n\n\n\nPost Script\n\nI put PC in quotations because technically even your \"smart\" phone is a personal computer, but you know what I mean.\n\nPost Post Script\n\nI put smart in quotations because the term smart is pretty relative, especially when it comes to phones and the expanse of the universe. Is it a \"smart phone\" or a \"smart, for a phone\"? Are phones even capable of intelligence and if not, is calling them smart even accurate? Fuck if I know.","I'm just trying to figure out how much power that place is consuming. .. lol would you say more than an NFL Stadium on game day?","fuck no ","Yea your right lol, just read that the Dallas Cowboys Stadium can use 10 megawatts of power per game day ","Should've seen Lan Syndicate: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=zBGkBG3KgbE&amp;autoplay=1","It used to be consoles were winning at the start of a generation, PCs were winning at the end.\n\nBut the current console gen is so underpowered, it didn't win at all.","Is it looked down on to prefer PC gaming, but you keep a ps4 around to play with your blissfully ignorant friends?","BEHOLD HUMANITY THE MASTER RACE","That's what I was thinking. What event has hundreds of computers already set up for you to use?","There are literally dozens of us!","&gt; migrating to consoles\n\nNow it's the other way. IMO consoles are dead. All people do with them is watch Netflix. We have Wii, PS4, and Xbox. None of them get touched.\n","To be fair though, that entire backside is board games. ","They're moving in herds...   \nThey do move in herds!","Game journalists, Some have even said \"Gaming\" or \"Gamers\" are over... because they're retards.","It was something almost all Game Developers tried telling us back around 2005.","Karma Whores, Karma Whores say it.","Twitch?\n\nI think youtubers had a much bigger impact on gaming than twitch has. There's way more viewers on YouTube channels. But then again I don't really watch other people play video games, so you probably know more than I do.","I never heard someone say that, but I did hear \"PC gaming is dying\" at Gamestop by an employee when I he asked me what I play","I bet they overreact","I was there yesterday, over 100,000 people. Yeah, dead...","If you haven't been in a LAN party, you woulf definitely think that. Go live your PC master race life the right way. ","Oh, plenty of people say PC gaming is dead. I've seen countless news articles spouting bullshit like that. *PC Gaming is dead, now mobile gaming blahblahblahBULLSHIT*\n\nSo yeah, they have no fucking clue what they're talking about.","No one says that","Anyone who thinks that should look at  things like LoL, CS:GO and Dota.","I never understood why people conclude that it's not worth making PC games if they don't sell as well as console games. What, if you're not making *all* the money then you might as well be making *no* money? ","Corsair masterace. Just waiting for corsair to start making pc parts and their own os.","Sadly this picture doesn't really do us much justice. It seems like the most antisocial social event ever. Like a battery farm of gamers. ","I'd much prefer a game of artemis. \n\nSet up those PC's like a bridge on a spaceship...and go for it. \n\nOr even set up circles for team games, and TV's + controllers for fun/social ones.\n\nHeck, a TV and the jackbox party pack would be fun, just supply a few couches for people to chill out and play. \n\nDang, I could seriously think of some epic Lan parties.","I bet that room smells nice.","Poor retail PC sales. It took about a decade for the game media to catch onto the fact that we were all buying our games digitally. They were still comparing PC retail sales numbers at least 5 years after I last bought a game at retail.","It used to happen 5 years ago. Then the eSports rebirth happened. ","Is that every last pc gamer in that one room? :P","Probably some mad console peasant on a message board said that. ","AKA the hacker known as 4chan","More like evloving, in my opinion.","well it certainly doesnt have a life","time travel back to 2006","I've seen Razer use it multiple times as a marketing campaign. I haven't heard much of out them lately though. \n\nMaybe Swofty sold enough Nagas for them?","I hear people say it all the time. Not necesarily \"dead\" but they'll say it's dying and that console marketshares are too big to compete with. Which is absolute bullshit, but these people spout things that they hear from others people who regurgitate false information. ","You would be surprised. Some AAA companies have even said it. Presidents of those companies have said that. The articles were posted on IGN and Kotaku and everything. They had them removed though once they noticed it was actually growing and expanding at an alarming rate. I'm old... I've seen a lot of shit... and \"PC Gaming is dying!\" is probably one of the most used phrases I've ever heard. It's like with your generation and Ubisoft saying \"You can't see past 30 FPS.\" or \"Cinematic Experience.\" ","used to be a common phrase (yes, among RL people) in the early years of the previous generation of consoles, right up until 2010 or so. Once mod videos / ultra setting videos in full HD became popular on youtube these same people started asking questions about how much it would cost to build a \"hard disk\".","You need to look back at the mid 2000's. Cliffy B himself said PC gaming was dead and consoles were where it's at. \n\nThen he's releasing his new game on PC instead of consoles. And Epic are basically begging PC players to find them relevant again. ","It was all the rage 5+ years ago.  ","Pack it up boys.","I don't usually hear that either but if someone did say that it's more than likely a 10 year old who doesn't understand or can't afford so he gets butt hurt.","It's in my school !","I've never heard that pc gaming is dead but showing a picture with a max of 350 people playing is like people flashing a wad of cash on facebook that doesn't even add up to $100.","After spending almost 1k on a new battle station I certainly hope not. ","Is a battle station the pc + the monitors, or does it just include the multiple displays?","/r/battlestations\nLooks like it includes the computer, monitors, peripherals, desk... Pretty much everything :-) ","yeah, a battle station is your whole setup, to go as far as whole room setup.","Said apple. ","Can we talk about how awesome the discord lounge was? Games, free popcorn, water, phone chargers, and friendly people. Skype needs to step it up. Their panel was tiny. "]],"CrappyDesign":[["**WELCOME, PLAYER 2!**","Splitscreen has come a long way","Split Streams","Don't cross the streams, though","I did a triple cross once","Split Pee","What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup?\n\nAnybody can roast beef.","Mmm... soup's on! ","STOP STREAM LOOKING, DICK","[Four player mode](http://cdn.shutterbug.com/images/styles/960-wide/public/photopost/data/500/2982IMG_1207.JPG?itok=lvtYrWgc)","that one doesn't have a reservoir underneath...","i mean its not like piss is gonna hurt anything if it hits the dirt. its just gonna stank over there.  which is nothing new, portapotty walls are pretty rank as it is.\n\nid be more worried about some drunk trying to use it and just making a mess of it(or worse: drop a poo in it). people should not have to piss in circles like this.","I've literally never seen such a thing happening in these kind of urinals. Overflowing at the end of the festival (these are mostly used at festivals) is not uncommon if they're not emptied. But I've never seen anyone going for a shit or anything like that.\n\nAlthough, people tend to leave their empty cups in there. Leaving a piss-fillled cup in a lot of these. It's not really a big nuisance as a normal visitor,  but I can imagine it's not so pleasant for the folks cleaning everything.","i saw it once. not at an outdoor portapotty type urinal, but a standard indoor one. once you see it, you dont forget.","Um, they use these in my city so dunk people can piss","[deleted]","Now I know where urinals come from.","[deleted]","It's just gonna fill up and overflow at some point","This it's actually not so bad, the walls are high enough so that you don't make eye contact with anyone else, unlike OP's urinal","[deleted]","Finally, men can start doing pee fights to assert restroom dominance.  The arena has been set.","Assert your dominance. \"I get Mario. *You* play Luigi.\"","A New Challenger Has Arrived!","Hi there ;) ","Ignoring the awkward closeness, the best part is that there's only one flushing handle. You'd have to reach way into the other guy's personal space to flush. Heck, imagine if you were going and somebody flushed while you were using it. ","Or you finish at the same time and you touch hands...","Hands, touchin' hands  \nReachin' out,  \ntouchin' me, touchin' you","SWEEEEEEEEEEEEEET CAROLINE!\n\nOH! ⋛⋋( ՞ਊ ՞)⋌⋚ OH! ⋛⋋( ՞ਊ ՞)⋌⋚ OHHHHHHHH!","GOOD TIMES NEVER SEEMED SO GOOOOD","SO GOOD! SO GOOD! SO GOOD!","IIII FEEEL INCLIIINED","#BAP BAP BAAAAAAAAAH","TO BELIEVE THEY NEVER WOULD! ","THEN SUE CAME ALONG, LOVED ME STRO- wait fuck something isn't right here.","/r/unexpectedFenway","/r/suddenlygay","It is not gay if the balls don't touch.","Brojob time","I have several rules about my personal space.  Most importantly stay out of my personal space.","1. Personal space\n1. Personal space\n1. Stay out of my personal space!!\n1. Keep away from my personal space!!\n1. Get out of that personal space!\n1. Stay away from my personal space!!\n1. Keep away from dat personal space!!\n1. Personal space\n1. Personal space","Took me awhile to remember where I heard this :)","Source?\n","https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DfmDuOxcN8","&gt;[**Rick and Morty - Personal Space [1:19]**](http://youtu.be/2DfmDuOxcN8)\n\n&gt;&gt;I own nothing...\n\n&gt; [*^U³*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCG-ArXZRD5LlrsRKJZ2WjVQ) ^in ^People ^&amp; ^Blogs\n\n&gt;*^452,384 ^views ^since ^Sep ^2015*\n\n[^bot ^info](http://www.reddit.com/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)","One of the \"Rick and Morty\" cartoons.","My man!","Best reference.","This guy gets it.","Just maintain eye contact while peeing to ensure he knows not to touch you.","It's a challenge to finish before it's down flushing.","No, no, We're not ignoring the awkward closeness.  Not one bit.","If you're on left and not done yet, he reaches over, pee on his hand.","&gt; You'd have to reach way into the other guy's personal space to flush.\n\nNah, you just ask him to flush for you.","What's this flushing thing?  ELI5 please.","[deleted]","( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)","Oh hey, that's a real nice dick you got there...","Thanks, your mom says the same thing. ","just a question, are you a polymer chemist","yes how u know?","He right behind u","Dead","I know a material scientist from Clemson!","Go Tigers!!!! ","Now kith","It gets bigger when I pull on it!","My late grandfather was completely blind and was a crotchety old man that loved fucking with people, most notably his family members.  \n\nOne time my dad took him to his alma mater for a football game because he enjoyed the atmosphere despite not being able to see the game, usually wearing radio headphones to hear the commentary. Per the norm with an 80 year old man, he had to take a piss frequently.  My dad took walked him into the bathroom crowded with drunk college kids and they both had adjacent urinals.  \n\nMy grandpa (in his normal loud/resounding voice) turned his head to my dad and angled it down and yelled ***NICE DICK***.  \n\nThat day has since gone down in history.  ","\"Oh hey, is that an Apple watch?\"","This is how my parents met. ","Your mom has a special talent ","2 guys is fine too.","That's not crappy design. Piss poor design is more like it. ","/r/crapperdesign?","Was not dissapointed.","What the hell Reddit?","The ironic thing is that I just pulled that out of my ass (so to speak), without bothering to check to see if it was an actual subreddit before posting.\n\nThis has got to be rule #35, or something...","Well done. Urinal league of your own with that one. ","Piss poor for most of us, crappy for the bold.","No joke, I once had a dream that I was using one like this across from Jimmy Carter. He took a look at me and said \"Son, I don't approve of your life choices\".\n\nDreams are weird.","Being scolded by a former president for the choices you've made as you both pee... That is a hilarious visualization.","Do you have more weird dreams? Seems like a gold mine!","Well, about 5 to 7 years ago there was the one where supreme court justice Alito was chasing me around a school bus with a baseball bat... don't remember why, but I think it had something to do with immigration reform. ","You seem to have a lot of politically charged dreams","Yeah, for some reason those are the ones that are most memorable. Probably because when I wake up I'm like, what? Why was I dreaming about Arnold Schwarzenegger riding a torpedo while smoking a cigar and wearing nothing but a gold speedo and fishbowl helmet? That was another one, BTW. No overtly political themes, but he was running for Governor at the time, so...","[I'm pretty sure that one's just a japanese commercial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcfI0gf9oDc)","Hell, why stop there? Just add two more to the set, and install them in the center of the restroom, making a kind of circular pissing fountain.","Or better yet, just dig a hole in the middle of the floor for people to pee in.","NSFW?? [Efficiency at it's best](http://imgur.com/0rEwIen.jpg). Great for ~~comradery~~ camaraderie!\n\n*thanks for the correction, when I looked up the word for spelling, it showed up on Merriam-Webster's page, thus adding to the confusion. Can they both be used? [comradery](http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/comradery)","It's \"camaraderie\".","They have these 4-sided urinals on the street in Amsterdam. They are tall though so there's no chance of accidental eye contact with the guy across from you. ","You could say the same about [this toilet](http://i.imgur.com/G7oQWYM.jpg)","What about [this urinal?](http://i.imgur.com/YVP8RHA.jpg)","That one is for /u/doubledickdude","I just spent the last half hour reading about a guy with two dicks.\n","You're officially one of us now. ","Deja vu","Got the drink in me going backkkkkk to back","That's clearly for the fabled \"number four,\" where two people crap at the same time while holding hands","The *love toilet*","Why is the second toilet's seat removed and laid across the top of the first toilet seat?\n\nWhy are there so many half-full rolls of toilet paper?\n\nSo many unanswered questions...","It's so you can kiss.","while you piss!","\"Please stop looking into my eyes\"","\"Never\" ","\"I can see it in your eyes\n\nI can see it in your smile\"","Fear.\n\nWhat you see is fear.","No one seem to have mentioned this, the urinal goes all the way down to the floor. So, ignoring the awkward closeness to the other guy, and one flushing handle, does this mean your piss will eventually reach the floor and touch your feet?","The orange thing in the middle of the urinal is where the drain is. Looks like there's one drain split in half. ","yeah it looks like its upside down","Thank you! I was looking for a drain and I didn't see it. Where does the pee go???","There's a drain in the middle. There's a pipe below the floor that takes it away.","I like how you can see the part of the tile that's eroded from piss on the floor","I was going to ask about this.  I've never used a urinal, but it seems like this design would be super messy.  Wouldn't this have a high risk of splashing on your shoes?"," I can imagine it happening with less than ideal aim, but it's better than the other kind where getting too close to it results in your pants touching the piss covered edge. ","It does if you don't stand right, but urinals that go to the floor have the advantage of working for people of any height, so they're good for schools.","This was specifically designed for /u/DoubleDickDude.","I just spent the last half hour reading about a guy with two dicks. ","You're officially one of us now. ","The angles are wrong, though, unless they curl around like chelicerae.","Like who? ","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chelicerae\n\nWarning: link contains pictures of spiders; may give heebie-jeebies.","I'll pass. \n\n\nBesides I think I saw Chelicerie on Judge Judy last night. ","Only on reddit do we have to give trigger warnings for spiders.","Tight dick playa.","\"Nice watch.\"","'sup bro?'","I bet the design brief was \"make urinals an inclusive and sociable event\"","NC would ban these","Id be ok with that. ","Here is a word cloud of every comment in this thread, as of this time: http://i.imgur.com/xYtxyuy.png\n\n---\n\n[^[source ^code]](https://github.com/Winneon/makeswordclouds) [^[contact ^developer]](https://reddit.com/user/WinneonSword) [^[request ^word ^cloud]](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=makeswordcloudsagain&amp;subject=Requesting%20word%20cloud.&amp;message=%2Bcreate%20REPLACE_THIS_WITH_A_REDDIT_POST_PERMALINK)","&gt;Video directly\n\n... let's not, please","I'm inclined to say this is actually quite clever - service for two with a single water line and a single drain - and there's even a built in guard to prevent distracted cross splashing! This is probably most useful for alpha males, the ones that stare directly into your eyes while they urinate anyway.","[deleted]","He was literally doing that to fuck with you and to assert his dominance.\n\nHe might as well have asked you how your divorce is going or to tell you that he needs to speak to you in his office as soon as you're finished...","But other urinals that are separated still only use a single water line and single drain line that splits a foot apart for each one.","\"Can you hold this?\"","Someone must have done a parody video where a dude walks up to this square on and pees a wicked strong stream at that center divider thing and it splashes everywhere.\n\nShowerthought:  this design could be very popular in gay bars...  \n\nHere come the golden quips...","I've been to quite a few gay bars. They actually tend to favor stadium-style trough urinals backed by mirrors. ","Was this custom made for the guy with 2 dicks? ","[don't cross the streams!](https://hollywoodhatesme.files.wordpress.com/2011/11/streams.jpg)","Beam splitter","This is for that after sex pee","Pissing on your friends.....#JustBoyThings","If your hands touch when you try to flush, it could be the start of a beautiful romance. ","In case anyone is in desperate need to try this toilet, it's in the restroom at the House on the Rock, Wisconsin.","That explains everything.","Damn Clever.\n\nBuilding's occupancy ratings are based also on the number of male and female bathrooms. a urinal counts as 1/2 toilet in life safety codes. In the states, 1 toilet = 250 men or 125 women.\n\nYou could have a night club with a 6000 sq ft dance floor, but if you have only two toilets government agencies in charge won't issue a C.O, for the full potential.","I'm curious about what's happening when you cross the streams...","The universe folds in upon itself ","Dogs and cats living together","MASS HYSTERIA \n","Never cross the streams!","Looks like the ones from the Sochi Olympics","Urinall","I often wonder if the people that design public restrooms have *ever* actually used one. ","Alright! Now I can gaze into a perfect strangers eyes while I take a piss. Maximum awkwardness achieved!","don't make eye contact don't make eye contact","might as well just pee on the floor","Not for the shy bladder type.","So many urinals on this sub...\n\nHOW HARD IS IT TO DESIGN A PROPER GODDAMN URINAL?","#never cross the streams!","As long as you don't cross the streams you should be OK.","I can smell it from here.","It's for encouraging \"sword fighting\"! ","At first I was just hoping there was a mirror and it was an optical illusion. ","Eiffel Shower","\"Hey why did you flush that I wasn't done\"","...is that a dead fish in the right side?","Finally! You can look in the eye and say \"hi\" to your neighbor!","At least it's not made slightly different to fit into a corner.","I love the sad excuse for a \"divider\" on the front. That's the best part.","LET THE DUELS BEGIN! ","What's also strange is that you have to approach this thing on a diagonal in order to use it. If you pee from the front, you'll have a bad day.","Can't you just face another direction and bend your wiener around?","I think between your thighs might be easier than around","I'm just gonna guess you're not a man.","Who in the fuck thought this was a good idea????","I would totally use this","Ah yes, because the only thing stopping me from sharing a urinal before was the fear of crossing the streams.","This is actually a great design.\n\nYou only need 1 set of rough-ins, 1 fixture, 1 drain line and 1 faucet. If the washroom only have 1 existing urinal and have the room, you can retro fit with this with minimum alterations to existing plumbing. It is a great way to keep cost to the minimum.","From a utilitarian standpoint, maybe. But from a humanistic one, it's downright dreadful.\n\nGood designs have to accommodate both.","Further than the awkward proximity, I'd like to underline the \"piss on your neighbor's shoes\" kind of feel here","I can only go with deep eye contact.","For the guy with two dicks. ","Ah yes, the short lived buddy urinal.","Just pissing on each others shoes. ","Don't cross the streams\n","Where's that two dick guy?  This is for him.","Awkward urinal, or friendly urinal?","I spent time in, shall we say, a dormitory setting that had side by side full-length urinals. I felt an urgency one day, stepped up beside a guy who was already pissing in one and he freaked out and jumped away. Not done, bro, was his message. So why have two side-by-side at all? This thing takes that paranoia even further.","\"sup\"","The wallpaper looks like the album art for Clams Casino's Instrumentals Part 2","BCM compliant. ","I actually see urinals like this at festivals pretty often. It's small and efficient.","A guy did not design this.  It forces eye contact and increases the chances of hand touching, and no buffer urinal.  This are two of the cornerstones of the Guys Rules to the Bathroom.  ","That moment when you both reach for the flusher at the same time and touch hands, then slowly make eye contact.","So....If you were to use this, on the left, with a stranger, do you flush when you finish or wait for the other guy to finish? ","I had to use one like that at a wedding venue in vancouver. It used to be an old police station or government building of some sort. Hella weird though.","\"There's something very important that I forgot to tell you. Don't cross the streams.\"\n\n\"Why?\"\n\n\"It would be bad.\"","Why not?","Since nobody else answered you, it's a reference to ghost busters","More like piss poor design.","Two dicks dude?","Would you prefer them to be pissing on the streets instead? I would much rather see these everywhere instead of smelling piss everywhere.  ","i mean im not saying its a terrible thing and nobody should use them, im just saying there is potential for mischief with them. someone dropping a dook in it like i said earlier might have been a rare example, but they also dont look like theyd be too hard to flip over. in addition to people leaving old beer cans and junk in them like has been mentioned.\n\nalso note the lack of privacy. you and your friends can all stand around the 4 player Shootout and chat it up all face to face while voiding your bladders, if that appeals to you. but if i had a choice between the piss totem and a standard portapotty, id go classic unless i was desperate.","It's as tall as the porta-pottys in the background, unless you and your 3 friends are shaq, you won't be seeing over top of it.\n\nAlso, you won't be taking a crap in it due to the fact everybody around will clearly see what you are doing.","Portable Toilet Services sounds like a sick band name.","Urinal dad: Son we need to talk.","Silly me thought this was to wash your hands... Then no. I see two guys using it.","\"Ha you have a small dick dude.\"\n\n\n\"Fuck off Dave, stay on your side of the urinal.\"","'Aven't yew got work?","I thought it was \"I've been blind... To believe they never would\". I like your version better though.  ","Lol","/r/nocontext ","You flush urinals!? I always just thought they flush automatically. ","Well, some do, if you see a black, square piece of plastic next to or instead of the lever, then it's automatic. (The sensor is behind the plastic)","You sound like a man that doesn't appreciate a good gang bang.","Isn't your gym getting renovated, or something?","I'm sorry.","Sorry for what? Our daddy taught us not to be ashamed of our dicks.","It's good to know I'm not the only one here to know this. But maybe not.","[deleted]","She uses a shee-wee","Are you, like, gay? Not that there's anything wrong with that, and shit","Thank God you're here, Moderately-Uncomfortable-About-Other-People's-Sexuality Man! ","Quick, to the Mumbling-Conversation-and-Averted-Eyes-Mobile!","Off to foil another plot by that nefarious mastermind, Dr. Normal-Everyday-Conversation!","This is the first time I ever upvoted something on that subreddit, and that upvote arrow is fucking confusing! At first I wasn't sure whether I up-, or downvoted you. So, good job crappily-designing it to whoever did the subreddit design, I guess. ","I used RES so I'd never actually seen the subreddit style. Turned it on out of curiosity, nearly had an aneurysm, turned it straight off again. Well played, /r/CrappyDesign. Well played. ","Are you like, twelve? Or just an ignorant adult that forgot to mature? (And BTW, there's *plenty* wrong with the latter of those two options) ","and shit. ","124 (or so) butt-hurt motherfuckers (you are one of them), and a couple people who can take a joke.  Yes, it's OK to laugh.  No, you don't get that, nor do the other 124 tight-assed motherfuckers, but at the end of the day (don't you enjoy that saying?)   you are all butt-hurt over some words on the internet.\n\nAnd I am not.  Stick that in your mature asshole and smoke it.","Sure, you're not \"butt hurt\" you're merely crying and whining about people calling you out. Okay. ","How 'bout that, we agree on something.  Ain't life grand ?","No, but I'm pretty sure he thought I was, and that's why he said it. I wouldn't think of Jimmy Carter as the kind of guy to hate on gays, but apparently dream me thinks otherwise?","Reminds me of basic training.","Not quite a \"[Love Toilet](http://www.nbc.com/saturday-night-live/video/the-love-toilet/n10153)\".","Ohhhh! Thank you. Lol ","Hence the wiener-bending joke.","I would rather use one of these vs those european stainless steel trough urinals without dividers.  And this is probably a great design if you're tight on space but still need enough room for a ADA compliant bathroom.  Those old buildings have the craziest fixtures in bathrooms.  I'm my extremely old grade school they had urinals built into the wall and floor","More like... PissyDesign....\n\nI'll show myself out","Piss poor design man... You had one job","Might as well just piss in the floor.","r/pissydesign","You definitely have a good point there but think of the alternative...  There is never enough public bathrooms around so the choice is in something like this or in the doorway of some business.  I think we can all get past the awkwardness of seeing another guy while we pee to keep our streets from smelling like piss...  It's a small price to pay! ","The urinal for couples!","Urinal for two.","From the makers of the [Love Toilet](http://www.nbc.com/saturday-night-live/video/the-love-toilet/n10153)","...w.......wow.......","This in a bar? Nothing is awkward if you're drunk enough.","I wonder if this was designed for gay bars","Dude. Crappy design my ass. This is primed for laser beam war/sword fighting. This is glorious design.","You guys are looking at it all wrong. This isn't for two people to use at once. It's a backup. If one toilet is out of order you still have a working one. (Unless the flush mechanism breaks, then you're SOL.)\n\nSame when you have two toilets or urinals next to eachother without a dividing wall. It's just a backup toilet.","BROTHER!","Crappy design indeed.","I'd say it's a piss-poor design.","Now kiss!","This would be great, in a gay bar.  Amiright?","Is this at a gay bar?","This doesn't happen to be in Grand Rapids, MI, does it?","Now we can both piss on the floor!","These guys wouldn't mind: NSFW: http://jaimelapisse.tumblr.com/post/141889412482/twitter-pissandlove","For gay couples who want to do EVERYTHING together.","Sooooo where's double dick guy at? ","Hey, at least it has a divider. It's already better than some urinals I've used","Diurnal?","R/pissydesign"],["For anyone wondering this book is called *Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?* written by Philip K. Dick. I'm guessing this company has an automatic labeling system which unfortunately in this case caused the OP's picture.","That's a pretty neat title, actually.  \n[Relevant Pokemon](http://img.pokemondb.net/artwork/mareep.jpg)","yeah it's actually my favourite book. Pretty neat.","I have not read it. What's it about?","Ever seen Blade Runner? It was based on this book.\n\nChrist, I just realized that probably came out before most of the people here were born. Fuck, I'm old.","Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep is a pretty ubiquitous book, I'm shocked that people here don't know about it ","That... doesn't mean much.  \nI've seen older things. Heck, I *own* older things.","Not a judgement on you, just hadn't realized how long ago Blade Runner came out until I thought about it . My initial thought was hey, everyone's seen Blade Runner! And at one time that would have been mostly true, it was an iconic movie. But then I realized that no, people born after it came out probably haven't.  I've seen some movies that came out before I was born, but not many. That's especially true of genres like scifi, which tends not to age as well. My guess is a lot of people today have heard of it and know it's a classic, but they've never sat down and watched it.","I'd say a lot of sci-fi has actually aged extremely well. Christ I'd argue *2001: A Space Odyssey* has one of the most realistic depictions of a sci-fi setting in any movie, and that came out in 1968!","True. It's probably that my opinion on that has been affected by the rise of CGI. IME, most CGI has a shelf life of ~10-15 years before it starts to look dated and cheesy. Old-school matte paintings and models can hold up surprisingly well if they're done right. But yeah, 2001:ASO is fucking great. Also a scifi movie I've seen that was made before I was born, so maybe my original idea was bullshit. I actually haven't seen Blade Runner in years, I should watch it and see how it's held up.\n\nThen again, this may be another example of me showing my age.","A good example of a sci-fi that combines practical effects with CGI effectively is Ex Machina. It also happens to be a great film.","I mean, to me it's shocking to think that Pokemon X and Y could be someone's first Pokemon game.  \nOr that people in High School have never seen a Gameboy Advance.  \n  \nAlthough that might not be entirely true. I mean, I grew up with a ton of old junk.","Such a good movie though and book.","The movie adaptation is called *Blade Runner.* It's one of my top 5 favorite movies.","I've heard of it. I should watch that once.","Make sure when you do you watch the final cut. The others are kind of weird","Okay. I'll keep it in mind.","the title is a a bit strange, humans don't dream of sheep, the old saying goes, \"if you can't sleep try _counting_ sheep,\" not dream about the blessed things. ","I guess. But that doesn't flow as well, now does it?","\"If Androids Can't Sleep Do They Try Counting Electric Sheep?\" That sounds more like a joke book than a work of serious science fiction. ","Exactly.  \nI'm trying my hardest to think of a comparable situation where a book had a slightly unfitting name because it sounded better.","Interestingly enough, Mareep was said to be based on Dolly the sheep and also an electric type because of the title of this book. http://didyouknowpokemon.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/00031b.png","&gt; Dolly the sheep\n\nI hardly see the connection.  \nElectricity: science  \nSheep+science=Dolly.","It was more related to an interview that was conducted.","&gt; conducted\n\nOh, now it makes sense.","&gt; unfortunately","If anyone didn't know yet, it's Blade runner (well, the book that inspired it) ","Is it some kind of pornographic adaptation?","I'd watch that for the plot!","Dick deckard is tasked with finding the replicunts before their built in incest date.","Funny, but not crappy design","I think that's the name of the sub now","Yep, nevermind https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/4g5ut8/this_is_not_the_title_of_the_book/","It's Richmond homie, we all dream of dick. ","I imagine this showing up on /r/funny soon","If so, are they origami? ","r/softwaregore","I see you there VCU student.","The movie based on that book is titled Hard Boner ","I borrowed a book of Phillip's short stories from the library (unfortunately they didn't have this one).\n\nFelt a bit weird looking for Dick in a library.","https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27uqGzvdM2o","No, because synths aren't people! Ad victoriam!"],["Red print fades to yellow in the sun so it was most likely it has been outside for a long time and has subsequently been sun bleached.","its still funny though, their attempt at making it stand out more actually backfired horribly","Please DO NOT be an idiot."]],"Showerthoughts":[["Oh my God, you're so right.","It's crazy!   I think the reason is that 8 hours is so minuscule while 1/3 of your life is an indeterminate amount of time. \n\nBut, a year... We all know the amount of time in a year so it becomes more real.  ","Has anyone done sleep-to-work-effectiveness studies yet? I assume *someone* must have...\n\nI sleep on average probably six hours a night even though I'd rather have eight. So I'm shorting myself an hour or two. But that means (at the high end) I might sleep three months of the year rather than four.\n\nIt sounds like a good deal but am I a sloppier worker than Bob who sleeps four months per year??","That is a really good question; you could for instance make comparisons and maybe see that long term Bob is more efficient because of health effects, motivation etc. but short term you would be outputting more work. A bit like 6 hour vs 8 hour work days.\n\nAs long as you stay productive/fulfill your life during that extra \"month\" then it's most likely worth it, especially if your health is largely unaffected.","i'm in a similar situation. i usually sleep for 5-6 hours because i stay up late looking at political blogs and fingering my asshole","Wow. At the same time?","it gets me really aroused when i see the phrase \"taxation is theft\"","I want to hear more","'Don't steal, the government hates competition.'","taxation is theft taxation is theft taxation is theft.","Aaaaand i need to clean my keyboard. ","Semenpenis and albinovagina at it again.","I feel as if he's my soulmate, but he hasn't replied :(","I can't speak for him but I'm guessing the answer is...\"is there any other way?? \"","I thought that was a requisite. Am I reading blogs wrong?","Ah, I see you share the same hobby as the average politician. ","That took an unexpected turn.","Username checks out","This a dangerous thought process, though, and probably a waste of time to consider.\n\nDo you want to sleep away 1/3 of your life so that you can be a better *worker* to someone else for another 1/3 of your life? \n\nNo, that's not the answer here. I'd rather sleep 6 hours, 4 hours, or none at all and be a shitty worker enjoying my life, or be someone using those extra hours to start a business or learn ways to follow my dreams.\n\nI'm not saying to stay up all night if you have a huge client meeting or something in the morning, I'm just mentioning that the \"typical\" mindset of working 8 hours, sleeping 8 hours is not a static situation. It is a very dynamic one.\n\nI'm high and passionate right now.","So if you're working for yourself does your view change","Yes, if you are working for yourself you are either following your passion or doing it for profits/flexibility.","Let's have this chat again when you're not high or passionate ","if you're high on jenkem, tell me where you get your supplies. my buddy who used to provide pretty quality shits just developed IBS","Nah, screw you. I go to bed early and often sleep 8 or more hours. It's the only time I don't have to be stressed about anything, it gives me energy, and it makes me happier in life.\n\nIf you stood over my bed and told me that I have to start sleeping only 6/4 hours a day so I can put more time into being productive, I'd hit you with my pillow and go back to bed. If you don't want to hate your life, get the sleep you need.\n\nI hated school because sleep was sometimes something I had to neglect. I think people should see sleep as something way more important and healthy, rather than something we should cut away at so we can continue our attempts at human efficiency. ","I do like sleeping. You say we shouldn't cut down on sleep to continue attempts on human efficiency, I'm saying that we shouldn't focus on getting a specific amount of sleep, we should focus on enjoying our waking time. A good way to enjoy waking time is to not be working. The only way to not work is to have a lot of money, or get paid to do something you consider enjoyable. Getting to either of those 2 points IMO should be important to everyone, it's just that getting to that point probably means you have to miss out on sleep sometimes.","It depends on person. I need to get more or else I am horrible depressed and my productivity is even lower.","Different people are able to run on different amounts of sleep.  With the right genetic makeup and training, you could probably feel refreshed after three hours of sleep, which I believe would give you two full REM cycles.","There's a lot of evidence that sleep debt has major effects on both cognitive performance and health, and [some studies](http://www.uphs.upenn.edu/news/news_releases/2014/03/veasey/) even suggest there could be lingering effects or permanent damage even after you catch up.\n\nAnd a good night's sleep isn't enough to catch up. You need to keep sleeping in until you can wake up without an alarm clock. It's probably not 1:1 (if you've missed an hour of sleep a night for 100 days, you don't need to get 100 hours of extra sleep), but no one really knows the ratio. I've heard one sleep researcher say 3:1  just as a guess.\n\nSee [this CDC report](http://www.cdc.gov/features/dssleep/) for a starting point.\n\nBear in mind not everyone actually needs eight hours of sleep. Some need more, some need less; it's not even clear where that number came from. But it sounds like you do need more, or at least have a sleep debt you need to catch up on.","I think I read a study that 8 hours was the least optimal amount of sleep to get. I try to get 6.5-7 hours a night.","Pretty sure Kramer did that. ","That means you slept for 12 years if you are 36.","If you only sleep 6 hours, by 36 your consciousness is the same age as as someone who is 40-41 and sleeps 8.","mind = blown","But imagine how much more time you'd have if you were awake for 8 months straight instead of losing 8 hours each night... kinda balances out","A different perspective can change everything.","Personally, I get all my years sleep out of the way during the winter.","How do you bear it?","Heh","How does this get gold? Wat","reddit is a mystery","Drugs, that's why","Ha","There ain't enough room in this comment for the two of us","Here, have a Reddit [silver](http://i.imgur.com/NkcCsFf.jpg)","Nice try.","It's not fur everybody. ","Oh my god, that means the average person sleeps for 26 years.","If somebody ever figures out a pill of some kind that can rewire the brain to be in a relaxed state as if it had a well rested sleep without needing to sleep (probably just have to lie down, take pill, and nap for all of five minutes), will be rich as fuck. Sleep is basically downtime. You can gain 26 more years of stuff to do. (Mostly Reddit).","Yeah but then companies would increase work hours, have 12, 14, 16 hours be the norm. \n\nSo it would be pointless anyway, you'd still end up having the same amount of free time, but at least you'd save up for retirement quicker, if you're being paid hourly.","In some industries, sure. Nursing would be a big one. There's already plenty of nurses working 18 hour stretches with just a small nap.","Well as long as I'm still getting paid by the hour that's fine by me.","But everything else becomes more expensive... Just like how as dual income became the norm in families, you can no longer typically support a family with just one income... ","Shit","Sleep is not just a \"turn off\" button.\nThere are complex yet unexplained processes in sleep.\nIt is fundamental for learning and settling down all meaningful experiences as well as erasing non useful stuff from the brain.\nPlus dreams and nightmares, they are innate to the human being and yet unexplained. They surely play an important role in life. You just cant get rid off sleep without getting rid off part of your humanity. ","My brain sure likes to erase a lot of stuff. ","But i like sleeping","Except sleeping isn't just a thing your brain needs. Your whole body resets for the next day. ","But your body gets that rest because of the chemicals released by the brain during sleep. So if you could safely simulate that process while you're awake and possible just in a state of relaxation (eg watching a movie), then holy shit.","Or, ya know, adderall.","I love/hate adderall. I have a script, and take it every so often. I can be the most productive, energetic person in the world, but when it wears off I get pissy and really tired. I wouldn't say the good outweighs the bad, because the good is fucking great and the bad is pretty awful.","I used to take adderall, and i could work for literal hours straight, no breaks, no food, no going to the bathroom. The problems were I would straight up forget to eat, sleep 2-3 hours a night, and I felt like I was another person watching my own body do all of this stuff. It was weird and to this day I am afraid of taking ADHD meds because I hated that feeling so much.","Vyvanse doesn't give me that feeling","I actually think that was the one that gave me the out-of-body feeling, lol. I couldn't remember its name. By any means, it is not something that I'm willing to try again any time soon.","It's strange, I always hear this, but Adderall never gives me energy. It calms me down and mellows me out. This is why I take it off course. I may not be as fast as I was at my job because of it, but at least in not yelling random crap and going off and fucking around.","Same dude. I had it prescribed and it worked great for a few months, then it slowly turn me into an angry, teeth grinding asshole. ","You should take drug vacations.  Which is not as much fun as it sounds.","I didn't take mine today and fell asleep writing this comment ","Now take that and multiple times 65 and you get meth ","Modafinil","I've been trying to get some but I could never get my hands on it :/ Adderall on the other hand, works great, and I know where to get it. But I hear Modafinil is way better ","It is. Neither have i, a friend ate the last pill that was supposedly for me. Is just like being Eddie Morra. ","It just sucks that I can't try it at least once. Like if it's better than Adderall, and Adderalls already amazing, then it must be good ","Where do you even get it?","Adderall or Modafinil? ","Any, both?","Found the cop^ ","The cop that moderates a porn subreddit haha \n\nCheck out r/freeuse, you might like it ;)\n\nBut no, I really want to know where I can get my hands on this. PM me?","Steroids make athletes stronger, but it's still banned in most sports.","Which is a shame, imo.","Not really,  If they were unregulated,  people would start taking, more and more. You couldn't even compete if you weren't pumping these drugs into you.","Would be cool if there was a separate league for all sports where steroids are legal and anything goes. Just to see what the human body is capable of with a little help from chemistry.","Straight up, honestly, there would be a *lot* of dying. Many people even under regulation push their bodies well past where they should with steroids and bodybuilding, to raise the restrictions would be to allow people to kill themselves for sport.\n\nAnd I agree it'd be a blast and I want to see it happen. Just that there there would be a lot more deaths in this environment than our current one. And that would be *sad*.","Steroids dont help tendons get strong enough compared to muscle, though it would be cool to see there would be 5x the injurys. Fuck it lets try it anyway, maybe we will see someone so strong they dislocate their own leg like bo jackson again","They all still take them. ","Yeah I think it's called meth. ","Apparently, even the simplest life-forms have cycles of activity/downtime - so it's some pretty fundamental biochemistry (not even neurochemistry) we're talking about re-engineering here.\nIt's said to be the quantity and quality of cycles you make between REM and deep sleep that leaves you feeling refreshed.\n","Indeed, it *would* be mostly Reddit. :-/","Basically that one American Dad episode.","Can't wait for the average working week to double! ","In reality you will spend most of that time working, just imagine all those profits your boss's boss is missing out on otherwise. ","I just finished reading Terrence McKenna's The Invisible Landscape. When he and his brother traveled to the Amazon and took Ayahuasca, his brother didn't sleep for many days and felt no fatigue afterwards. Psychedelics have so much research potential and I think we are going to see them become a very important part of human society when the war on drugs comes to an end. ","I am 26. I've been asleep my whole life.","me_irl","So if you actually slept 7 hours a day instead you'd gain 3 1/4 years of waking life. Sounds good to me","And if I have the same trouble with sleep throughout my life as I do now, then I will have spent nearly 6 years restless. ","And this is why you need a good mattresses.","what, so I can spend even more time sleeping because it's so comfy?","True, but that would mean being constantly awake for 8 months, which makes it a little less insane. ","This almost seems crazier to me","This thread is extremely dank right now","but you dont have to say that","you don't have to say the inverse in the OP either haha","Russian Sleep Experiment ","Really makes you question your time management. [Like this guy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lm57qo3eYe8)","I just discovered my new weird hero. ","that sly af ending too","How do you know if you're inside or outside of a gate &amp; should push or pull? I need a video to save the precious times. ","i wish i could sleep those 4 moths all at once that would mean i could skip winter and not have to sleep the rest of the year","bears are geniuses ","Well, not really though, because don't bears work a bunch to sleep away some months of a year, and then sleep like normal the rest of the year as well?","That sounds even better.","Fuck that, I'm skipping summer.\n\nI hate having my shower made pointless as soon as I step outside and begin to sweat.","Totes, you can always put more clothing on. You can't always take it off.","20+ years sleeping is a fucked up thought ","It's even scarier to realize I'm probably years behind. ","Imagine if you could sleep all those hours in a row and stock up your energy for the next eight months.","Holy Shit, this means I've probably spent a month masturbating while lookin at random shit on reddit","You will waste even more time working for money. ","Yeah, let's say you are 20 years old, you sleep 8 hours, work 7 hours (to account for vacation and retirement) and do all the other things like showering, eating, laundry, washing, driving and shopping in 3 hours. Then you will have left 6 hours or 25% of your time at your disposal. If you live another 80 years, these are just 20 years of that time. Of course you are already spending them wisely.. or do you?","The trick is to find a job that you love. Easy peasy.","Even more strangely, that's not considered reason for outrage.","Or 25 years if you live to 75","Or 27 years if you live to 81","Meth: getting you 3 of those 4 months back every year. ","and also getting some nice teeth.","That's why I meth. Sleep is for the weak. Now if you will excuse me I have to get these damn bugs off my body.","Cthulhu takes a 400-million year slumber every 1.2 billion years.","`YourAge / 3` is how many years you've slept so far. ","I like this.  Ingenious. ","A rough estimate but sure. Some people sleep 10-12 hours on weekends. Or someone who works long hours might sleep 5-7 hours on weekdays.","And this is why I only sleep 4 hours a day. I'm still sleeping 2 months a year...fuck! ","FYI 8 hrs is the recommended amount of sleep for growing children.\n\nIf you are done growing you are oversleeping 1 Month a year.","I should probably sleep less then... Already having trouble finding clothes that fit.","A while back, in a thread about reasonable ways to spend your money, I mentioned that I'd spent a few thousand on a really comfortable bed because \"I plan to spend about three years of my life on that thing\". I got a bunch of people asking me confused questions - why are you planning to just lie in bed for three years?!\n\nMuch explaining was done in that thread.","I'm 32. My grandma is 95. She's spent my entire life sleeping. ","We're also working for the government four months out of every year. Happy Tax Freedom Day! (I think I need a nap.) ","Look at this guy with his 8 hours a night....","And now think about the time you spend moving from and to your workplace, sitting inside a car or some bus/train. Then add the time you spend at work.","Even freakier for me, I spend anything from 9-13 hours in bed a day...","being awake for 8 months sounds worse.","/r/me_irl","/r/meirl is better","Or, if you live to be 75, 25 years of your life was spent asleep.","Great math!","At work, we like to discuss pay and taxes in this context.  We don't actually start getting paid until a few months into the year.","I take joy in that. ","This is why i hate sleeping. That and other things, but still, If i could function without sleep, that'd be great. ","One of the benefits of joining the military is you get reduce that number closer to 3 months. 2 if you're super special!","\"benefits\"- good one","That's why when I bit 3 months of sleep in any calendar year, I stop sleeping until Jan 1.","Humans do hibernate. Just a little bit at a time until it adds up over the whole year","Similarly, about 10% of the world's population is illiterate. That doesn't sound like much, but that means that 700 million people, or a country with more than twice the population of the United States, cannot read or write.","So, 1/3 of the people in Africa? That's not too surprising.","It sounds a little less insane when you imagine staying awake 24/7 for the other 8 months.","Think about if that was an option. You could go into hibernation for 4 months and then stay awake all day every day for the other 8. I'd love that.","A similar thought process helped me realize how terrible my daily commute was (1 hour each way). 2 hours a day 5 days a week meant I spent 40 hours each month sitting in my car pissed off about traffic. This eventually made me decide that it was worth paying more to live close to work. Reduced my commute to about 10 minutes. It can be very useful to look at things this way sometimes.","User name doesn't check out.","The crazy part is when you discover you slept 6 years","Yesterday I read that sleep is the natural state and waking is a disruption of the natural state of sleep for the body.","Cat owners would not be surprised by that","Where did you read this? So curious","I didn't read it but I would assume that it has something to do with getting food, finding shelter and warmth, reproducing and caring for young are all ultimately done for two reasons: to continue the species and to ultimately sleep.  Once you fulfill all of those tasks, you sleep. \n\nHowever I would have to disagree, bc one can easily categorize sleep as part of the basic needs needed to reproduce, which we all know is the purpose, ultimately, of life (to pass on DNA)","I don't know a lot of people who actually get 8 hours of sleep though","Maybe it makes sense... sometimes I feel like years fly by like nothing... Oops there goes 2016... we're almost half way thru!!\n\nWow this one made me think a bit, nice shower thought :P ","More insane than saying you would be awake for 8 straight months?","Not as insane as spending eight months with no sleep!","I think about the amount of time I spend doing daily things and how much of my life I've lost. A 30 minute commute everyday you work will be a year of your life spent driving to work before you retire. ","I need a better bed.","Well, I love sleeping and we all need rest. It's comprehensible.\nThink that we're doing things nonstop 8 months a year.","Wow.. That means over the course of my average expected life span, I'd have I only lived a year of my life. \n\nI need to figure out a way to sleep less and be more productive","NOW also subtract all the time you spend in the bathroom. ","That also means you're awake for 8 months, though, which is a pretty long time to stay up ","Sure but what if I told you if you slept those 4 months straight, you would also be awake for 8 months without sleeping","Who in fuck gets 8 hours of sleep?","But who actually gets 8 hours of sleep a night?","That's what makes it worse...","I get no more than 6. I feel like crap if I sleep more than that. ","Well, it wouldn't be 4 months consecutively.","Best 4 months of the year. ","I honestly envy people who reliably get 8 hours of sleep at night.","TIL bears are more efficient because they get their months out of the way all at once.\n\n(Yes I'm aware bears sleep outside of hibernation. It's a joke)","Son... I sleep 12 hours a day, I'd be so damn happy to sleep an entire 6 months at a time, to be awake the other 6 consecutively. ","So your asleep 10 days of the month. 2 days of the week?","Hey!  If you're interested, feel free to take my casual sleep survey.  http://goo.gl/forms/fwSN5vZf5I","This is why robots will eventually take over the human race.\n\nWe'll all be too busy sleeping.","As shocking as that is, we could have had it worse. The brown-throated sloth sleeps between 15-18 hours a day. That thing has virtually no life!","I only sleep around 2 months a year.","I think a third of my life sounds insane. Spending 25 years. Asleep. Seems like such a waste.","Or 3 years and 4 months out of every 10 years. Or 33 years and 4 months out of every 100 years.","Yeah, but then you are awake for 8 months of the year, what a trip. ","Lucky bastard gets 8 hours of sleep. ","Thats 3 years and 4 months every decade.","YOU SLEEP 8 HOURS A DAY???? lucky bastard","I wish I got 8 hours of sleep every night. :(","If you spend it lucid dreaming, you can have many lives during your lifetime. ","Where were they at it before?","I turn 30 in 6 days.... I've slept 10 years. ","Not really if you think about the fact that you'd be awake for 8 months straight.","Shit, I sleep at least 10-12 hours a day, not counting naps.","Oh Teeeeeed","We need to go deeper?","/r/evenwithcontext ","You sleep 8 hours a day?\n\nWhat luxurious life are you living?!","No, no, no, no. This is evolutionary. I been reading this book, on Leonardo de Vinci. See, that means 'from Vinci', d'you know that?\n\nThat must be some book.\n\nYeah, well, turns out that the master slept only twenty minutes every three hours. Now, that works out to two and a half extra days, that I'm awake\nper week, every week. Which means, if I live to be eighty, I will have lived the equivalent of a hundred and five years.","There's nothing wrong with getting high and being passionate, but you're better off if you start being passionate about work as opposed to being a shitty worker.  It might be less enjoyable now, but you will enjoy yourself more the rest of your life.","I had the same feeling when I saw that I played WoW for a month. Yeah, I sat at my computer for a month's worth of time playing that game.","I think it's because when you say you sleep 4 months of a year your brain automatically sees the other 8 months as normal months, as in days where you also sleep. It does so for me at least.","Iirc there was something like that,  but it found that you needed to take 2 hour naps every 6 hours to be really effective. ","And this is why I sleep 6h per night, easy from Monday to Friday as I wake up at 6am. Sat/Sun are harder 😑...\nBut at least if I sleep only 1/4 of my life instead of 1/3, it represents **years** at the end where I did things like... watching movies or read reddit!","So we're only awake for 8 months? Sounds like hibernation to me.","It's much better sleeping eight.  I myself used to sleep six hours a night, would feel tired and \"cranky\" and just not as social.\n\nI now sleep eight and love it.  I don't feel like shit waking up in the morning, I don't have to worry about feeling like I'm going to pass out in the afternoon, I'm not as quick-tempered or as easily annoyed, I feel noticeably smarter actually; like I can think faster and am more quick-witted.\n\nI'd much rather enjoy 16 hours a day than try to survive 18 until my next sleep.","i sleep 6  hours, max ","And here I am after taking an hour long nap after I slept for 9 hours.","I sleep 6 hours a night, this makes me feel better about it.","this just makes me feel like I put over time on my consciousness ","The math checks out. ","Were basically BEARS! BEARS PEOPLE, BEARS!","Perception is eveything","I've been entirely preoccupied by a most frightening experience of my own. A couple of hours ago, I realized that my body was no longer functioning properly. I felt weak, I could no longer stand. The life was oozing out of me, I LOST CONSCIOUSNESS!\n\nQ ","Who the fuck sleeps 8 hrs a day?  ","Thank you, I get 8 hours of sleep on my weekend...it's closer to 6 during the week, if I'm lucky....still a quarter of my life but still...","That's the amount that you're *supposed* to be sleeping each day, but that can be kinda difficult.","8 hours? You lucky bastard.","I'm almost 30... I've been sleeping for 10 years? !","10 days a month","Don't question it ","Math is not my friend today. I sleep at most 4 hours a day.","I only sleep 2 hours every fourth of a day!","Idk but if I were to buy myself gold I would make a seperate reddit and give myself gold my own stupid comment like this, so theres a possibility","So...why isn't this gilded yet?","Touché my good sir","People with kids only spend 1/8 of their lives sleeping. ","[deleted]","Jej","Aaa","I only get 5 hours sleep a day is that bad?","hard on the heart from what I'm told.  sleeping is the body regenerating cells by slowing down your breathing and BP for the cells to rebuild without being flushed out. ","I had to paws and think about this one","What about staying awake for 8 months?","25+ years in sleep mode.","18?  At my local hospital if you pull a double it's 24 hours.","Wow so if you were alive for 21 years you would be asleep longer than you were alive? That's messed up man","Think about what you just said.","Wut","I think he's trying to say OP is 7 years old. He just worded it horribly.","wat","You are the True Detective. ","Had a good laugh at that","I know what you're saying. But I was just saying \"What..*if* some magic pill was made?\" As far as the brain is concerned, it's a chemical process. If a cocktail of who knows what was made to accelerate the process, would be pretty damn amazing.","I think you're replying to the wrong person, but I think it would be cool if sleep was optional. I enjoy it, but sometimes I'd like the extra free time. ","Whoops? I clicked 'context' and 'reply' went to you somehow.\n\n\"I know what...\" comment meant for /u/juarmis ","Sounds more like a dissociative, Ketamine, DXM, MXE?","These were prescriptions","Freaking love my Vyvanse, but with a copay of $100, I think I'm going to switch to something free.","What if I told you the other 2/3 of the year, you're wide awake 24/7. MINDPLOSION!","Well then it would be wrong. It's not 24/7","Explain. I'm clearly incompetent.","Doesn't 24/7 mean that it is continuous?","Speak for yourself. I only sleep 2 month out of the year. And one of them is February. ","This is why I try to learn lucid dreaming ","I wish I could make it happen that way","[deleted]","No","Yes","Maybe","Sometimes","Not really","Wut","All of the above. ","Just the manic part.","I guess, the guy just went from doing nothing in both social and academic aspects to being greater than me even tho it only lasted for like a month, in the hours he was up on it he made tons of conversations with people and managed to pass 3 exams. The other days he couldn't do all this shit so pretty much the friends and grades he made during that day and a half i think, lost interest in him in less than a month. Seriously we've got to try it. He told me it took him like 3 hours for it to affect and then, he didn't want to be out, he wanted to be in and doing homework and everything. ","That sounds great. Where did he get ahold of it? And how? Lol I've tried some from modafinilcat, but I didn't feel anything :/ ","He had like 5 dealers, he told the one that he mostly buy off things to get him some enhancer and so the guy told him that he could get him Modafinil but that it would cost a lot and so he agreed. The guy took like 5 months to get it and he just gave it to him at the right time. He never made questions about how he got it but the dealer told him that doing that bussiness with him \"was one of the most large deals i've ever made\"\nI've never heard of modafinilcat. \nI think we should PM us now, i think we're gonna have a long talk haha. ","Oh and either way, i can't ask him about how he got it. Last year i was pretty fucked up. ","Alright lol ","This is why I sleep 6 hours a night, no more. Maybe sleep in Sunday. At least it's only a quarter of my life now","From a doctor. It can have some unfun side effects though. I became a huge asshole, focused and awake, but an asshole:","Not really considering we waste 6 months of our lives on average waiting at red lights. So I'm not to shocked. Frankly I would think it would be higher than 4 months. Even in a year. The red light thing is for someone's whole life not just a year. ","Completely different in every way. There is no high, just feeling well rested. Much less fun than adderall  but so much more efficient. If you are expecting a feel or high like adderall you are going to be incredibly disappointed. I still can't wait for it to go generic.","Same here. That'd be the day ","Football has one already.","Since sleeping 5 hours a day is allready considered as too much for a korean student, I guess sleeping 8 hours doesn't sound normal to them...","r/polyphasic can fix that problem ;)","Provigil buddy. Wonder drug. No hang over like amphetamines cause after staying up for several days. It's what doctors and businessmen use. ","underrated post","You're asleep 12 months out of every year if you are a sheeple.","pfft i solve this problem by simply not sleeping... my friends all think i have gone insane though.... and the micro naps are kinda dangerous while driving...","You'll have enough time to sleep when you're dead.","[Good thing he found an even EASIER way!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKlYEFQuy_M)","Oh I wished it was real the whole way through until he made it a bit too obvious with the \"pulling the girls\". ","8 hours a day?  You must be a teenager.","Sleeping is dope. I actually just woke up from a nap. I think skipping winter and getting to sleep naturally whenever I need it during the good months would be amazing ","Seriously. I wish I was a bear.","..You do have a point. Bears are truly geniuses.","But football....","don't even get that much sleep","This is called hibernation.","Hibernation is used to conserve energy during a time it would otherwise be difficult to find food. Animals that hibernate also have a daily sleep cycle.","Yessss.","The problem with your logic is that when you say 4 months everybody if thinking about 4 months of being awake. It's not like you can sleep for a month straight so you can stay up for the next two. In reality, the year is 4 months worth of hours longer than what we think it is.","I havent gotten a full 8 hours in like 15 years","I just dont sleep 8 hours a day :) im perfectly fine.","How do you do that? I'm honestly interested in achieving that.","I don't actually know if it's easy peasy. It was mostly a joke. But I happen to be in a field that I really love and it pays a ton as cherry on the cake (software development).","of course! people should give you free stuff!","Or, you know, our sense of worth is warped.\n\nThis has nothing to do with \"gimme free stuff\".","Similarly, when you say because of tax you work for about 2.5 months in every year before you actually earn any money! (At 20%).","https://xkcd.com/203/","go to UBI, they're your kind of folk","I'm more lively in my dreams than real life. What does that make me?","I'm gonna guess it's because when you think of 8 months, you generally don't think of each day being 24 hours, you think of each day being 16 hours plus time to sleep. ","you are awake 8 months out the year.  24 hours a day 7 days a week for 8 months.  stupid.","I was going to ask why you only planned on living for 9 years but then I figured out that people eventually replace mattresses.","Mattress lifespan is generally quoted at around ten years. :)","... So... 2006? Shit.","Who actually 8 hours of sleep?","I can see you barely sleep...","I think the average most people sleep is more like 6 even though the recommend is around 8ish hours","no","yes","For some reason I have a similar feeling when I'm looking at 10,000 and 100,000. The former just feels like a bigger number to me.","More time fer killin'.","Indeed it doesn't.  ","http://www.gurusfeet.com/forum/according-science-our-natural-state-sleeping\n\nGranted it doesn't give any research to back it up.  I did see that \"orexins\" are a real thing and are being studied.","Thank you!","As always when someone posts about sleep and mentions that everybody sleeps 8 hours every night: That's not the optimum! \n\nLook here: https://www.polyphasicsociety.com/","I haven't slept for ten days, because that would be too long. \n\n-- Mitch Hedberg.","So when I was in high school I slept for about 1 year....sounds about right.","I wish i got 8 hours of sleep...","As someone with chronic insomnia, I reject your reality and substitute my own."]],"Fallout":[["Holy cow. How long did this take you?","About three weeks of playing after work, about a year of game time. But to Mayor Ghastly, time has no meaning.","Mad respect. It was entertaining to read. Sorry about your deathclaw, btw.","His loss will be felt by the people of this city who dared to oppose the Mayor!\nThanks. :P","I'll be your Deathclaw for a Yao Guai serving a day.","YOU WILL BE AN EXTENSION OF MY FURIOUS VENGEANCE!!!","A talking deathclaw? Gimmie a break","Radiation is weird, man.","Found the OG Fallout players.","Booze, Wooze. ","What's next? Some kind of weird ghoul with a tree growing out of it's head?","Blue supermutants with cloaking devices?","A man machine hybrid?","Hey man, just an FYI, keep an eye on Codsworth. I feel as though he was the catalyst who gossiped and started talks about a revolt. If you won't go into Concord, I feel that he will work his absolute hardest to attempt to find someone that will.","\"WHO THE FUCK IS SHAUN?\"","Nora had been sleeping around. Ghouls are sterile, that brat wasn't mine!","My Shaun baby is always black, whereas neither my spouse or I are. ","this makes me wonder, does shauns race change based on what you decide to make the parents?","I would assume it is suppose to. \n\nDoesn't your father's ethnicity change based on yours in Fallout 3?","Yes.","I'm not sure. I really only think that I've ever made white male/female in my many playthroughs of Fo3, that I can remember at least.","My Shaun was almost a carbon copy of my character, down to the same birthmark and scars. He just had a lighter skin tone than me, since Nora was white and my character was meant to look Native American. ","Incredible. Please update us as to when you purge the settlers again for killing that beautiful deathclaw. What a waste.","An beautiful Albino Deathclaw, murdered. There will be blood paid, I assure you.","An beautiful indeed","What an tragedy","I should have proof read everything. :(","If it was real life, this is what I'd do, just without all the murderous tendencies. Fuck going into the wasteland and risking deading.","You can't resist the murder. When you have the stresses that Mayor Ghastly has, you will understand. Cut off the hand to save the arm!","Repeatedly!","Wow!! just brilliant ","Thank you, it was a serious challenge I recommend.","I honestly want to try this now, just with the limit of going to red rocket for dogmeat.","I really recommend it, it's a great challenge and really tough.","Yea I think i am going to do it, but with being a nicer leader to see how it works out on that side. I'll post results when done. I have a lot of time of this week so I should be good with it.","Please do, I'd love to give it a read. :)\n\nThen our settlements will go to WAR!!!","[Here's an album of me taking on the same challenge on the PC Survival beta.](http://imgur.com/a/3JFkc)","Was expecting a dark souls \"you died\" screen. Great job on that. ","I don't plan on losing! \n\nI have started it though my rules are a bit different than yours obviously. I can only go between vault 111 sanctuary and red rocket with flows into my story for the album I am making. and  I am going to be a Utopian leader.","Barbara is the true hero of this story","She is the my trusted right hand. The first to charge into battle and the last to leave the warzone.","I wonder how she will handle the upcoming purge. Its gon be some season 3 walking dead type shit","You don't have to drop everything on the ground and manually scrap it. When you go to your workbench, hit transfer and put all your junk in the workbench (there's even a handy \"store all junk\" button.) It'll scrap all your stuff whenever you need it, safe and simple.","I was worried that it might only take the resources you need and destroy the rest when you do it that way, and resources were super tight. I remember hearing that was a small issue with scrapping forever ago. Drop and scrap also helps reduce town build size.","Yeah, I remember hearing that too, but I think it was quickly debunked as a hoax or hotfixed. Either way, nowadays it works fine, though I forgot about the town size reduction from dropping and scrapping. I've never really built a town big enough for that to be a problem.","Oh, rad. All that dropping and scrapping, for naught! :P","Sometimes it takes a bit until the other resources are put in the workbench (1h wait is enough) if stuff is automatically scrapped in the workbench. Thats where this rumor has come from. Still it works fine and you don't loose any resources.","Oh, that's good. I do remember a couple of times I noticed it used things and was like 'NOOO, my resources.' \n\nGood to know I lost nothing.","Not realy. when you drop stuff and scrap it, it lowers your fill meter for that settlement. For example, if you build to much and it won't let you build more, just drop some guns and armor(they work the best) and scrap them. It'll lower your fill meter so you can build more.","I confirmed it with myself back when the game came out. I don't remember if somehow I misjudged or if they just fixed it later but I still scrap all of my items manually. The main reason I still do it though is because I can easily see exactly how much of a particular resource I have in the workbench rather than a list of all possible junk items.","You didn't exactly misjudge. iirc the extra resources just didn't appear until you added or removed that resource, and then it would update with the proper total.","There was a bug that made it seem this way. iirc it would do exactly as you described but the excess resources weren't actually gone. They just wouldn't appear in the workbench until you added or removed some. It was basically like a delayed update of resource totals.","Oh Bethesda, the weird glitches are an integral part of enjoying their games' experience. :)","Loved the story. Your dedication, both, amazes and terrifies me.","Ha, thank you. It was a rough challenge, so hard at times to keep to the rules I set, but it made all the more rewarding. And the Mayor is nothing if not a focused man!","You're a great person.","Thank you, it's a fun challenge.","You have inspired me to make my own insane sole survior... I just hope she is at least 1/4th of a badass like your guy.","Your Sole Survivor is not insane. It is the Commonwealth, they are sick. They must learn your name!!!","THEY WILL FEAR THE NAME: 2FINGERSINTHEASS","Soon people will crowd around a burning trash can, and as they eat their radroach meat, they will tell whispered stories about 2Fingersintheass.","YES ~~DADDY~~","**UNCLE TOUCHMEFUNNY**","This is probably one of the best things I've read in a long time.\nKudos to you my friend.","Ha, thank you, I tried hard to make the narrative interesting. :)","I feel like I read an article about this somewhere. ","Ha, really? About how to survive in just Sanctuary?","Yeah! I don't think you copied anyone or anything, no accusations. Honestly I thought maybe you wrote it. Sounds like a fun change if you get bored. ","I really want to read it now. :D","I think this was it.   \n  \nhttp://www.pcgamer.com/playing-fallout-4-without-ever-leaving-sanctuary/","One of the big differences between the article and OP is that OP actually was able to get the shops set up. The whole \"killing settlers for new ones\" along with having a brahmin for fertilizer seemed to do the trick to get enough money for it.","[I think this is the one they're talking about](http://www.pcgamer.com/playing-fallout-4-without-ever-leaving-sanctuary/)","Did you also have the issue of the item spawning in the cellar? Or did you use console commands?\n\nhttp://www.pcgamer.com/playing-fallout-4-without-ever-leaving-sanctuary/","I'm on PS4 so no console. I lucked out with having a crystal source in one of the wardrobes.","That's awesome","Wow. Even with fallout 4's lack of rpg mechanics, you still managed to beat the \"kill everything\" style of the game and did your own thing. This is great, and good work! ","Ha, thank you. It was a fun and tough challenge. A fun way to make your own story, like a good rpg sandbox should.","Beat the \"kill everything\"? I don't know about you but I saw the killing fields.  ","Maybe the problem is the way you play the game and not the actual game. ","But I can't do what I want because the dialogue choices aren't there to let me play that way","Headcanons should be your best friend ","I personally prefer laser vision.","i'm sure everyone would find sitting in sanctuary for 3 weeks pretending to be a dictator real fun","I really want to do this but make it a military utopia. Completely defended by lasers and missiles, all citizens armed to the teeth and outfitted the best armor. No evil shall ever befall MY SANCTUARY and NO ONE shall lose what is most important to them AGAIN!\n\nPAX IN VIRUTE","Dude, go for it. This has been a really fun challenge to do. I want to continue the adventures but not sure how to go. Would love to read your take on it.","Take over the rest of the Commonwealth, all united under Ghastly. Hancock might prove to be a useful tool ;)","I was thinking about making this concept into some sort of video series on youtube. Would obviously be a very jump-cutty overview of the progression or else it'd be dull.\n\nAnyways if i do make it i'll be sure to throw in a link to your story for being the inspiration :)","On it, hopefully I stick with it to finish it. The whole not leaving sanctuary definitely seems like the hardest part and some what off putting.","I vote get dogmeat, that gas station is basically part of sanctuary with how close it is","You can make them Boomers 2.0","Oh boomers 2.0 sounds amazing.","Deus Vult?","&gt; Deus Vult\n\nGod wills it of God Willing maybe? Google-fu is limited when it comes to latin.\n\nPax in Virtue is peace through power which is more a command and conquer nod reference.","Ahh, I wasn't aware of the latin version! I'm familiar with old Chromedome himself saying it in English though.\n\nDeus Vult is indeed \"God Wills It\" and was supposedly the battlecry of Crusading Knights. The Crusader Kings crowd have picked it up recently.","\"I rewarded her ferocity by upgrading her pool cue.\"","Mayor Ghastly can be a beacon of light and love, as well as death to his enemies.","Codsworth floats motionless among the addicted and the doomed. His internal processors so overwhelmed by what his master has done, that he has shut down all higher functions. He was your one friend in this world, and you broke him. You monster.","This is way cool, man! Great work! ","Thankyou, I strongly recommend it for a rough challenge","Gotta love how you came across the shelter for the first time.","I was so shocked, I had legit never seen it before. So happy though. x2 gold bars!\n\nThe gods favour Mayor Ghastly!","Actually, I think there should be 3 gold bars down there. Might be worth looking around a bit more.","Oh cool, I'll have to check it out.","Where is this.... Shamefully I don't think I've found it ! ","Behind the house with a fallen tree through the roof. Near the roundabout area.","Awesome thanks sloth ruler","You are welcome, Sloth designation 247.","might be a way to walk up that tree to the roof...","There is, there's also a hidden goodie on that roof.","Noooo! It ended too abruptly!! Did you ever get revenge?! ","Haha, I'm hoping to make a chapter 2. Revenge is coming.","You are like the kim Jong ill of the commonwealth","Kneel before the Glorious Leader!","Damn Clock-Fixers! Hahaha","My Clothes trader refuses to tell me what a Minuteman is... It's a conspiracy to overthrow me...","They're obviously time travellers from the American Revolution, sent forward to try to end your glorious reign.","Let them come. With Barbara and a Deathclaw at my side, nothing can stop me.","When the purge in New Sanctuary happens, Barbara will kill you. ","She may help me. Barbara's faith and dedication is beyond question.","Read this in Frieza's voice. BEST. STORY. EVER!","There will be none of those pathetic monkeys in MY city!","ALL HAIL LORD GHASTLY!","Such a worthy Subordinate. How would you like to be the Supreme Commander of the entire Ghastly Force?","ˆUˆ It would by honor Lord/Mayor Ghastly! ","Your first order, kill ALL who oppose me!","Consider it done Lord Ghastly ","That screen shot with dog meat was a little sad.","Any play through without dog meat is doomed do be sad","You are amazing.","Ha, thank you, it was a super fun challenge.","Wow...that was amazing. Very creative.","Thank you. I tried to make it entertaining to read. :)","Your playthrough is better than the one that PC gamer did.\n\nHe gave up as soon as he ran out of wood.","Thank you, I got links to it when I posted and am surprised how similar we both started out. I was shocked that we both had the same 'get dogmeat' pan too. :)","How dare you! Fallout 4 doesn't allow 'play as you like' RPG play-through's, you're making the whiners look bad. Great job, is there an eventual outcome?","The mayor is becoming suspicious of a mutiny, the happiness of the peasants is falling!","So what's the mayors back up plan if the peasants revolt? Does he go into hiding and make jet or make a cartel?","There's a reason all those peasants only have melee weapons. Let's just say some of the caps the Mayor has made with the Jet trade has been going towards some... Lethal reinforcement. ","A dictator needs protection from his people sometimes... So if they all try to revolt anyway and fail do you start all over again in another settlement or just wait for new slaves to start showing up and repeat the cycle?","I feel the mayor would flee if his people could overpower him. But if he was to flee, he would run far, far away from Sanctuary. Maybe down near Jamaica Plains before he felt safe. Then, he would prepare a glorious revenge!","Build his own army maybe or take them on by himself?","An army could sweep and crush all the opposer's defences, but the Mayor may have to take them out himself, to send a message to anyone else who considers questioning him.","You know a robot army doesn't backtalk or judge your actions...","This would make an interesting game mechanic, if the happiness degrades considerably there would be a chance to generate a revolt, and overthrow you from the settlement, and you would need to take it back. A mod in the future probably?","I can see tons of mods like that in the future of fallout 4. Maybe even a world government mod where you create your own faction and you can kill all the other factions and win the game for your own faction maybe (Just an Idea)","Someone did a video on this like 3 weeks after the game came out. Not sure what you are referring to or if you are just new to the game.\n\nThe only thing is that this entire setup working hinges on a random spawn in the cellar of one of the houses. There, you find a component (1/10th of the time) that you need to build the transmitter (which you need to get settlers.) Can't remember if it's copper or what, but that's the only place.\n\nThe last guy that did it said he spent 40 minutes loading saves over and over again hoping it would spawn and finally it did."," I initially thought to let him go, but he then told me I had a dangerous look about me, and my rage took over.\n\nOmg that was so funny!!!","Ha, thank you. None threatens Mayor Ghastly and lives to tell of it.","Yeah np, it was so random but it made so much sense!!","Is this the Donald Trump mod?","We're going to build a wall and make Bunker Hill pay for it!!!\n\nPS4, no mods. Only DLC.","You did this on PS4? I Think you just inspired me to play again and get the DLC. Great job by the way. That was a really entertaining read. ","Really cool concept, I'd love to follow your footsteps! Any reason you identified that traders never showed up? Do you need to trigger Preston and his merry crew in order for the game to recognize sanctuary or something?","I think you have to meet them, or go to where they are? (Diamond City etc.) I'm not sure, but they haven't ever shown up. The Mayor no longer welcomes them anyway.","I gave this a try today, but I couldn't find crystal, so I went to Carla (between Concord and the Drumlin Diner) to buy some (no other interactions on  the way). Ten minutes later, she and her Brahmin walk into my settlement. So I guess you have to talk to her. ","How'd you get 24 settlers? Do the raiders and gunners count towards population?","I started the game with max Charisma and hgh int. And am wearing charisma boost clothing. Settler number is based on Charisma, because it's all about charisma now. ","A cult of personality, if you will...","I think this might be the push I need to start my Rancher playthrough.\n\nThough I'll have him venture to Concord and fight the Deathclaw before He decides the wasteland is too dangerous and heads back to Sanctuary.\n\nThe Barn and Boxcar additions supposedly coming in Far Harbor should help alot.","The absence of Power Armour is a sore note for the Mayor. He  wishes for an ultimate suit to crush insubordinate peasants. It's a really fun, really tough challenge though. I highly recommend trying it out.","I've wanted to do this playthrough for awhile now. Although I need the power armor as a Tractor Stand in.  \n\nI watched The Ranch on Netflix and have the urge to playout my child Cowboy fantasy.\n\nAlthought I can't think of what would be my endgame goal.","A+ for execution\nC- for grammar and spelling","I spull Goodly!","Good work, was a fun read!","Thank you, I tried to make the narrative interesting. :)","Awesome, thanks for sharing! ","Your welcome, glad you enjoyed it. :)","This was an amazing read hahahaha I think once you achieve all you can, it might be worth it to do the automaton DLC.\n\nImagine the Mayor's own posse of Mr Handy workers, and Securitron Guards.\n\nMaybe an Assaultron secret police.","That was something I really wanted to do, I was a bit disappointed when I realised that I needed to start the Automatron stuff first. The Mayor needs an army. Barbara can only kill so many people.","Please do keep us updated on this. I'd really love to hear more about how this progresses from here.","I'm hoping to make an good chapter 2. :)","Without a working economy, how were your settlers getting money to buy your jet?\n\nAnyways, nice going. I laughed my ass of at. Some parts. ","Mayor Ghastly suspects there may be some people leaving and doing trade while he is not paying attention. He suspects the Scavengers, they go walking around all day and produce so little scrap.\n\nThey must learn their place!","11/10, would read through again.","This is fucking beautiful man...","You made my day with this ","The Fletcher Memorial Home is taking in residents, just so you know.","If you create several industrial water purifiers (and produce way more water than you need) you get tons of leftover purified water in your work bench at the end of the day that sell for around 11 caps each. I had a little operation going where I could make 2,000+ caps a day just by selling the people of my town their own water.","I love the depth you gave to your character and the story! Well done, sir!","Making Sanctuary Great Again.","The early parts of this look suspiciously like [PCGamer's playthrough](http://www.pcgamer.com/playing-fallout-4-without-ever-leaving-sanctuary/).","Somebody give the OP gold for this. This was absolutely amazing!","Nice. And to think some people claim this game isn't an RPG.","This game gets a lot of hate, but I remember Fallout 3 getting the same hate. I think Fallout 4 has it's issues but is still an astounding game with so much depth.","Man, this was hilarious. I will try this on my next play through. Great job!","I really recommend it. Be ready to scrap everything you see and be willing to fight the temptation to break the rules. When I was low on everything, crossing over to that broken down army truck and going up to the nearby Raider house is a big temptation. But it's so much more fun trying to think your way around limited resources.","Resisting temptations is the hardest thing about self-imposed challenges. I have some idea and I start working on it... then I see something shiny and I am off the track. ","A fun play-through is to limit yourself to the range of your recruitment beacon. That way, you can get Dogmeat, and you can kill two or three raider spawns that are nearby.","Is this on PC, Xbox or PS4?","PS4","Are you the same person who did those albums on \"the pit\"?\nYou entertain me but you also scare me.","No, not sure what that is, this is my first Fallout submission. Link me?","found it through generladerp: http://imgur.com/gallery/K9ha5/new very similar narration and descend into madness right down to the occasional typos and grammatical errors :D\n\nYours has the added gameplay challenge thrown into it though so you get extra points. But my favourite parts are the fits of murderous rage","No, 'The Pit' was done by /u/MatthewQuinn000 , this was done by /u/Sloth-King . Both were equally good though :)","ah thanks :)","No problem, man. :)","This is a thing of beauty. Well done. ","If you're interested, you might be able to get Codsworth to activate if you agree to go to Concord, go to the edge of where you feel like you can go (half way over the bridge?), and then come back and tell him you didn't find anything.\n\nI'm pretty sure I managed to get that to happen without leaving Sanctuary, but that wasn't a hard rule for me so I may have gone further than you are okay with.","You either have too much time on your hands or not enough. Bravo","10/10 would read again.","fair play man","haha nice.","This is the greatest story ever. Very creative! :)","* \"Once I have bought the junk I need, I drop it on the ground and scrap it, bringing all the resources to the workbench. \"\n\nHoly shit, dude. Just drop it into your workbench and crafting will automatically scrap any items for the required materials. You don't need to drop it just to scrap it.\n\n* \"No one\" is two words, or a separated compounded word. It's not \"noone\". God damn ghoul education.","Ha, yeah, I just remembered hearing that if it used in the workbench only the resources for the build would be taken. Also it helped keep the size down, although I never built anywhere near enough.","I've been playing a similar style game in the new survival beta, trying to build my empire on Jet. I'm working on a pretty good fortress at the drive-in.  I love this game. ","He tells me to go to Concord, so that he can reshape New Sanctuary in his image. But I will not be fooled!","I don't think KitKats, or any other chocolate, survived the nuclear war.","Looking forward to it! Good luck my fellow wastelander","\"hold every key at the same time to open workshop menu\"","What?","#\"HOLD EVERY KEY AT THE SAME TIME TO OPEN WORKSHOP MENU\"\n***\n\n##[^^^I ^^^am ^^^a ^^^bot, ^^^and ^^^I ^^^don't ^^^respond ^^^to ^^^myself.](https://np.reddit.com/r/CantHearYouBot/)","yeah","image #2, upper left corner","The touchpad on the PS4 control. Looks like a sketch of a keyboard though. :P","You're not right in the head :D","Props to this story, such a brilliant idea for a way to play a game. Shows the strength of settlement building for sure!","I was genuinely surprised how often I had to change my plans, but also how accommodating the settlement buildibg features are.","Survival mode has made me love settlements more than before. It really shines when you have to use it as a crutch to survive.","I'm really looking forward to it coming to PS4.","Actually the original deathclaws could talk and were extremely intelligent. ","Interestingly enough, they did this without vocal cords.","Great read. What stats did you roll?","Can't fully remember what I started with. But I did end up spending perk points on my Special, but by the end, S4 P1 E1 C10 I10 A4 L5.","This makes me wish we had the option to play as a ghoul in this game, just as we had the option to pick different races in the Elder Scrolls. Make your pre-war character and you can pick a ghoul 'skin' that overlays the ghoul features (If you wanted to), as you recieved a large dose of radiation in the blast. \n\nHave to admit, though. I'm getting some New Reno vibes from this (FO2 town). The drug trade and such really brings it together.\n\nNice work!","Ghoul option would be great, even if it's just the perk. I originally thought that's what the perk was, so got it, immediate disappoint.\n\nHa, New Reno? Never played FO2, is it good?","NR is like New Vegas lite. Only controlled by gangs rather than not-gangs. \n\nIT's absolutely nothing like FO3+ in terms of gameplay. It's an isometric, turn based RPG with a focus on the role-play aspect of it. It's generally considered one of the best in the series, though the gamepaly of Fallouts 1, 2 and Tactics generally isn't to my style so I wasn't overly keen on it. The writing is fucking fantastic though, think New Vegas but much more comedic. It's pretty light hearted compared to the others. Oh, and it's got a lot of focus on tribal aspects like Honest Hearts dlc, so that's another thing.","Not to mention you can play an \"Idiot\" in the first fallout games with intel too low to properly talk. It changes the whole story.","I love the fact that you can lock yourself out of certain quests simply because the NPCs think you're too stupid to even comprehend what they're saying. Fucking brilliant.","Yep! And the responses of the NPCs are hilarious.","Ah yeah, the old isometric game is much harder to get into, but I do remember the dialogue and conversations being THE best.","It's a lot easier to do it now, with WW you can pull yourself up by your bootstraps a lot more easily by using the traps.","What would two Yao Gui servings buy me? (Fingers crossed for a lap dance)","1 serving a day: Daily protection\n\n2 servings a day: Cuddles and nose bumps\n\n3 servings a day: Available for Companion\n\n4 servings a day: Lap dance and a hard fucking on command","\"No Strip Blast Radius tonight, boys!  We got ourselves some REAL entertainment tonight\"","So I gotta ask, what level did you make it to? ","24 by the final screencap. Idiot Savant is a big help.","That's pretty neat,  though. A totally different take on the game where you make up the rules and it completely changes the balance of, well, everything. Nice job. ","Thank you, it was a super fun challenge. I really recommend trying it.","That was fucking glorious","Thank you, it was a great challenge to go through. :)","That was great","Thank you, I'm really glad so many people enjoyed reading it. :)","I truly hope this becomes the \"unfortunately I'm the high mayor of ghastly town\" type thing ","Would you take Barbra with you? I'm seeing a possible use for that wedding ring you got back from your bitch wife before she just gave up on you.","I would love to, naming and making Companions with settlers like you can with robots would be awesome.","Careful. Talk like that is what gets synth hit squads sent after you. Or didn't you hear what happened to the General Assembly of Settlements?","Yeah, I will try this now, just with the Wasteland Workshop it allows so much fun and combine with the proper total.","A great first half, but Sanctuary Grills without flame traps for the civilians  is medium rare!  -grin-","Amazing, clearly a modern artpiece","That robot has pushed the Mayor with his refusal to contribute. Those that don't contribute are punished!","Hey man, just an FYI, keep an eye on Codsworth. I feel as though he was the catalyst who gossiped and started talks about a revolt. If you won't go into Concord, I feel that he will work his absolute hardest to attempt to find someone that will.","I don't understand, did it take you 3 weeks or 1 year?","In the real world, three weeks, in the game, a year passed. In Mayor Ghastly's mind, it took blood.","My world is blood and Jet ","sign me up, hold the blood.\n\nactually, throw in some mentats too","Those are my people, they are my property!","You don't by any chance play Dwarf Fortress, do you? I'd swear this read just like some hell bent DF story. Gloriously bloody. Armok would be pleased by this.","Unfortunately not, never heard of Dwarf Fortress.","... I think you'd find yourself right at home. Give it a look. :)","I'll definitely give it a go. Thanks. :)","The whole time I just kept waiting for \"unfortunately, I am the High King of Sanctuary.\"","Ha ha, I clearly dropped the ball on that one. :P","That was far too entertaining. Now I'm running late. ","You should rename your arena \"Rehabilitation center\" so that your settlers have a \"change of mind\". Also I think more \"pacification\" is need to get your settlers to stand down and to reinforce your power.","Is Mayor Ghastly's full name \"Kevin 'Bacon' Ghastly\"?","There may be some familial relationship, but the Mayor is a private man, and guards his secrets well.","When we say fallout 4 doesn't have enough rpg freedom, we mean things like how the dialogue is totally dumbed down and has no meaningful choices. ","It was light hearted satire, relax.","I was just making a point.","This is some walking dead shit!","Here is a word cloud of every comment in this thread, as of this time: http://i.imgur.com/DtZTTPI.png\n\n---\n\n[^[source ^code]](https://github.com/Winneon/makeswordclouds) [^[contact ^developer]](https://reddit.com/user/WinneonSword) [^[request ^word ^cloud]](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=makeswordcloudsagain&amp;subject=Requesting%20word%20cloud.&amp;message=%2Bcreate%20REPLACE_THIS_WITH_A_REDDIT_POST_PERMALINK)","That's so awesome, thank you. A lot of thanking it seems. :P","This was amazing! I really enjoyed it and hope you do more stories in the future! :)","Thankyou, I will try and make sure future stories are proofread for poor grammar. :P","So..... Is Blue Text the new Green Text? ;)","Blue really feels like the colour theme of 4. Green was 3, orange was New Vegas, and blue is 4. I'm expecting the Obsidian version to be red thematically.","Obsidian version?","New Vegas is to Fallout 3 as \"The Obsidian Version\" is to Fallout 4. \n\nNobody knows if it'll actually happen, but most people hope it will.","Aren't they the guys that did New Vegas? I want them to do a new one with this game's engine. They have fun wacky quests.","Wow that was absolutely awesome to read. I wish I could give you a thousand up votes!","Thank you. It's a really fun challenge to play through. The Mayor is my new favourite character to play.","I bet so! I'm sure you're proud of all that you've done. I definitely would be. I hope we get to see more of The Mayor's adventures!","I'm looking to do a second chapter. The Mayor's vengeance is coming.","Inspiring me with my plans for Fort Kickass. Thanks. ","Be sure to post your fort, would love to check it out.","I definitely read where that it changes based on that. Probably was the Fallout Wikia.","It does. Not just race, either, your fathers nose will be large if you make a character with a large nose.\n\nIm pretty sure its the same in Fo4. But ive only met shaun in two of the characters Ive made, who are caucasian. Face looked mildly different IIRC.","Todd himself mentioned at E3 that \"even the baby will change appearence based on the character you make\" so yes, shaun should look different depending on the parents looks.","Todd Howard mentioned it in the E3 demo, I believe.","Dude, this is absolutely not an argument for \"fallout 4 allows creative roleplay possibilities\". ","It was light hearted satire, relax.","Relax? Relax?!! This is serious business bud, this person has a different opinion and that shit ain't flyin. ","\"You die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become a villain\"","Random actions are always the most interesting. :P","Ha, thank you. And I really recommend it, Automatron is so much fun and combine with the Wasteland Workshop it allows so much new creativity in settlements.","This is brilliant! I love seeing what people do to make new challenges for this game. Keep up the good work.","Thank you, it was a really fun challenge to run through. I recommend trying it out.","You'd think so...\nBut practice tells me he's just various shades of black. \nLike, you have black. \nThen black black. \nThen so black it actually glows indigo in the light. It's pretty neat actually. ","Yes","Brilliant","Thank you. I'm glad so many people liked it. :)","\"But Mayor Ghastly, that will cut off all of the caravans!\"","We'll let the 'good ones' back in. It's easy to tell the good from the bad, I, Mayor Ghastly, have the world's best memory!","This is the most awesome thing to ever come of Sanctuary ","&gt;This is the most awesome thing to never come out of Sanctuary\n\nFTFY","Good point!","Thank you, it was a good challenge. :)\n\nMAKE SANCTUARY GREAT AGAIN","This...is....amazing.","Thank you. :)","I can believe i read the whole thing","I hope you enjoyed it. :)","Next time, [try clothing some settlers in hot dog costumes and enslave them in a sweatshop, forcing them into painting beautiful pieces of art day in and day out](http://www.reddit.com/r/thesims/comments/2ltsqv/_/) to sustain a lavish lifestyle for yourself.","And ensure my settlers do not get paid in anything but Jet.","I liked this so much I wrote a bit of coverage about it:\n\nhttp://www.tweaktown.com/news/51812/play-fallout-4-never-leave-sanctuary-hills/index.html\n\nGreat job man! I love seeing things like this. It's fantastic when people tell little stories about their adventures in the Commonwealth.","Dude, thank you so much. I'm so happy so many people seemed to enjoy it, even with all the poor grammar. Thank you. :)","Byootiful, 10/10.","In my last playthrough, i was white and Nate was black, and Shaun was a black baby. Haven't met him as Father yet though but i assume he hasn't magically changed skincolor :P","Ah, that must be it. The Mayor doesn't accept outside traders anymore.","Mayor Ghastly is such an hero.","Make the end goal something crazy. Like be a farmhand with every possible caged enemy caged up. As long as it remains fun, it's all that matters.","Someone just informed me of Brahmin cages, so my new goal is to have a heard of as many brahmin as possible. At least 20+.\n\nI'm also waiting for survival mode to hit consoles as well for the added challenge.","I am so jazzed for console survival mode. I really want to check it out and just try and survive.","I'm gonna get all the ranks of friends with animals perk and then do a Cattle drive to diamond city.","That would be awesome. Be sure to post it when you do. :)","Oooh exciting.","What an hero he was, to take that shot.\n:p","I didn't know that jet was that easy to make, I'll certainly incorporate that money making technique into my survival save.","Then, you muscle your way to becoming the kingpin of the Jet trade. Before you know it you'll have all the caps and slaves you want.","Haha","It's even easier if you leave Sanctuary and go to Diamond City where you can get shipments of plastic and fertilizer instead of waiting for the brahmin to do their business.","Or pick up every institute rifle you see to scrap later. The damn things drop tons of plastic.","With all those rads he has dozens of arms!","I failed that part of the GOAT, I put a grenade in each arm and convinced him to pull all the pins. :(","That took awhile...but was nice. 6 days of playtime and still no fucking Junkyard dogs for me.","If you don't have a problem with it, there's probably a console command you can use to get the ability to make the robot workbench, moment, will look it up\n\nOk, try\n\nPlayer.additem xx00254a\n\nOr this item ID: xx01133d\n\nThose are the 2 IDs listed for the schematics\n\nThe prefixed “xx” on some codes will need to be replaced with either 01 or 02","Thanks mate, but I'm on PS4. No console commabds. Good to keep in mind if I get it on PC though. :)","Tis OK, I'm on xbone so I know those feels","It's a rough deal, but the ease of console commands takes away the challenge. ","Hey so can u tell me how these fighting pins work? I wanted some settlers to fight some other settlers but i have no idea how this stuff works","So for settler v settler fights, you can set up two little platforms, a blue and a red. You then assign the settlers to the platforms like you would a job (running a store etc) once two sides are assigned they fight each other to the death.","How do u tell them when to start or when to stop?","That's the trick. Essentially they start as soon as they see eachother. So you need to rig up your arena so that you can have them both assigned without seeing eachother,  but then flip a switch and open a door so they will fight when you're ready. They will stop when one is dead.","Hmmm ok thanks","Hey can you tell me your SPECIAL and if you can perks","Yeah, I'll write them down for you when I get home","Thanks I'm gonna try this","So as of Lv 26. I have S4 P1 E1 C10 I10 A4 L5, 2 Cap Collector perks, 1 Medic, 2 Gun Nut, 2 Blacksmith, 1 Mr Sandman (for dealing with 'civil unrest'),1 Animal Friend, 2 Scrapper, 2 Idiot Savant, 1 Science, 2 Local Leader, 1 Wasteland Whisperer.\n\nI believe I started the game originally with S3 P1 E1 C10 I10 A2 L5. I think. I an't fully remember.","My recommended build for this: SPECIAL 3336535. This way, you can get Idiot Savant right away (absolutely essential when you want to level only by building and some random mobs). Scrapper, Local Leader and most of the crafting perks are also available from start. Maybe put the extra SPECIAL point from You're SPECIAL into Perception to get locksmith (advanced safe in the root cellar and in the blue house at the entrance of Sanctuary). ","I agree with the above. No locksmith skills keep me out of that damned treasure trove.","That was a riveting story.","That's awesome, am really looking forward to infections.","Hahaha, your Utopia will FALL!","We'll see mayor ghoulface!","Holy crap you are right this is hard, I am currently stuck at three settlers. ","It's a serious challenge, try checking the ved/water amounts","Ha, thank you. Finally, I am 1 above perfect!!!\n\nI'm glad you liked it. :)","Barbara as companion 2k16.","I really wish you could. Name Settlers and let them be companions. Even if their dialogue was rubbish I would love it.","Just named settlers ala FOShelter would be enough for me. If I could rename my provisioners to the route they travel, I'd be ecstatic.","Fallout Shelter style would have been great to have. It would immediately humanise all the Settlers and made them much more endearing. ","I just started this, but got tired restarting the game because I didn't find a damn crystal decanter. I settled with leaving Sanctuary once to go to Carla for crystal, but now she turns up in Sanctuary every 48 hours. Takes away from the challenge a bit. What I couldn't get to work are Brahmin, though. Still have to buy fertilizer.","You can make a save before entering the root cellar in Sanctuary for the first time. The wooden crate in there has a chance to spawn some items with crystal. ","Yeah, I read that after playing four hours today, no way I'm doing all that again. ","I think with the Brahmin it also depends on how much food your settlement has, I had tonnes of food from grinding the panting experience so I was getting a decent amount of fertiliser.","I think I'm going to have to try this out now. That was amazing.","Ha, thank you, it was a really fun challenge to play.","You can get Dogmeat without discovering Red Rocket. You only have to go down the road across the bridge a bit, and he'll trigger and come running.","Oh well it is already to late went there.","Okay, so this style of play through enticed me, decided to play a similar path. Only question... where did you get circuitry to build the Recruitment Beacon?","There was a hotplate sitting in an out of the way area in one of the houses.","This is really good, I fucking LOVE this. Will you make more stories about this?","Ha, thankyou, I'm really happy so many people liked it. I want to make a second chapter. :)","I'd really love that, please do","Thank you so much, I'm so glad so many people enjoyed it, it was a really fun challenge.","It makes sense to also go to red rocket. Its still in a relatively safe area. In order to roleplay someone who doesnt really want to stir up trouble.","It actually fits really well into the story i am making for my character so it does a lot of good for the story. ","Someone should adapt this into a comic. I'd totally read it.","Oh man, that would be so rad. :)","She will stand by my side or be punished with the rest!","Boom boom, bang bang, lie down you're dead. ","Barbara 4 President","Tagging to read after work. ","I thought that got patched out?","AFAIK guns are the only thing that works. But I do it all the time to continue growing Fort Kickass. ","It is still in the game. Anecdotal, with no hard proof: It works best with weapons and armor that have long names or a lot of mods on them. ","I've never had armor do anything, but the weapons weight and number of mods increases the amount.  A fully modded minigun takes a lot off","That was another plan, but I didn't have the ceramics for the longest time, and by then I had set a solid Jet empire.","I only started dropping and scrapping recently to make the junk tab cleaner. I hated having different items in there and not knowing how many of each resource I had. I only do this in Sanctuary though since it's my main settlement and only deal with others when I need to.","Oh, good to know. I still wish for the sake of organization you could 'scrap all junk' in the workshop. I'll still manually scrap for the reason I stated above.","Can you clarify what you mean on town size reduction. I've never heard that before.\nThanks","As others have said, when you drop things on the ground in your settlement and scrap them, it lowers the build size bar in the upper right corner, allowing you to build more stuff. If the bar fills up completely, it will stop you from building anything else, so this trick is often used by people who like to build very large settlements.","Very interesting, thank you","Wow. How long did it take just to make your town without ever leaving? ","Three weeks or so of playing in my spare time after work. About a years of in game time.","Wow. That's some serious dedication. ","Hey, thanks, was a lot of fun. :)","Where did you get the crystal if not from the cellar?","The junk iw randomly generated. I got a Crystal Decanter in one of the wardroves in a house.","Ok cool","Apologies for the spelling, I am half asleep. :P","Thank you, I tried to make sure the narrative was entertaining as wel as explaining how I got by. :)","Also, I gotta say, I appreciate the restraint you showed by not going to explore the Commonwealth. In open world games like these (Fallout, Elder Scrolls, Assassin's Creed, GTA, Far Cry, etc) the first thing I do is ignore all main quests and just go explore the world. By the time I finished the main story I had discovered probably 85% of the map locations, and even right now, as I type this, I'm messing around in Assassin's Creed Syndicate, just running around London. Not even really doing anything, just walking around and if I see something I go explore it. So props on your restraint!","It's the hardest thing. In big open world games I often feel that exploration should be the main story, and that the game progresses based on how many places you've seen. I did like in FO4 how once the Brotherhood are revealed they start showing up randomly, but I would have had that happened just after you reach a certain area instead of tie it to the quests.","I haven't heard it debunked...was there an update?","More please? That was awesome ","I would love to do a second chapter. :)\n\nThank you.","GHASTLY2016","Someone else linked me to that, too. I love it, we both even tried the same 'get dogmeat' tactic. Though my tactic was 'shoot him and he might come running over.'","Think it was hotfixed pretty much immediately. ","Dropping to increase build size definitely worked at one time. It may have gotten patched, but both my friend and I used the trick on console to build ridiculous settlements with dozens of wind turbines (on the theory that noise from generators reduces happiness), cartloads of turrets, and whatever elaborate structures we felt like putting inside the town walls.","10/10 great job! ","Ha, thank you. I'm so glad so many people liked it. :)","Welcome! :)","Agreed. And, like the TES games, they're Sandbox RPGs.\n\nYou can do what you want. Follow the plot or your own purpose.","You should have created buildings in the sky (build off of ladders, then remove ladders). It shows the peasants your power, plus you can isolate them up there as a prison they can never escape!","That's why I set the area limit of the island. No travelling over the water at all, and no crossing the bridge.","When you have the higher level scrapper perk though, doesn't auto scrapping like this use the whole object where you could get multiple things out of the object via manually scrapping off the ground?","Scrapper works for armor and weapons, and it would give you all the materials if you scrapped it at a crafting station too.","So if you let the system scrap say a modded pipe pistol for the copper, you'd get all the other stuff back into your workbench too?","Yep! Though, if you scrap it at a crafting station, I think it tends to deposit the materials into your inventory rather than the workbench, which can get a tad annoying, since it just adds another step in transferring the stuff. \n\nSo, nonetheless, no matter how you scrap weapons, armor, or junk, you will always get the full amount of crafting materials.","Nice! That'll save me some time","This doesn't break it down to components though does it? I hate, especially later in game when you have thousands of junk and you have to scroll though to find some specific type to bring to a different settlement","Whoa...","Hello Keanu. :)","That's a really good idea, makes sense too. I wanted to keep the limits visual so I couldn't talk my way aroubd breaking my own rules. ","lmao #16 has like 3 settlers standing on the roof in the background","My they did that all the time. The Wasteland and all that Jet has addled theur minds","It was awesome, I read most of it outloud to my husband while he was doing the dishes, using my own \"mayor ghastly\" voice - we were laughing SO HARD.\n\nExcellent role play, brilliant gaming!","This would also be a great way to have a steady supply of meat if you decide to go cannibal.  ","Hey mate. PS4, DLC Workshop and Automatron.","That is so good. I love it. So simple and straightforward. :)","I have an idea for you. Build their houses in a arena. Then just build some robots for in any case they get out of line....","I love that idea. A Dredd style city building. Only problem is I can't build robots. I haven't started the Automatron quests.","Oh, you just need to find AVA and from there you can start building them.","Yeah, I will have to try it if the Mayor ever leaves New Sanctuary","Oh right. Forgot about that..... Perhaps the Mayor could \"take a vacation\".","You can build a caravan post to attract traders, iirc.","I think you need to have gone to Bunker Hill to get that though.","Maybe. And I think Trashcan Carla only shows up if you've rescued the Minutemen.","Thank you, it was a good challenge and I'm glad so many people appreciate it. :)","Sweet, now I have something to read. Thanks mate.","It's a really good read, like yours! :) But seriously, good job man!","Thanks mate. :)","Yes maybe a sadistic collaboration could be a foot","Ha, that woukd be awesome","I was never good at coming up with cool ideas like this in games and ever since I've been on a nice cocktail of meds to keep my from laying in bed all day that creative side has just turned to dust. I love seeing things like this but at the same time I am always so jealous at the pure joy of imagination people can get from things like this. Reminds me of when I was a kid and my family had a hard time getting by. Even though I had few toys I always had some crazy thing in my head going on to make the \"play\" fresh and new. Now I am just spoiled to where when I get bored of the set experience I just move onto what's new. ","Absolutely amazing. More...I need more.","I hope to make a second chapter. Glad you liked the Mayor's challenge. :)","Yes I am still alive and well, you read The PIT but did you ever read [The Covenant?](http://imgur.com/gallery/Css0P) ","You're an actual psychopath. I admire that. ","Why thank you. Your admiration will be rewarded. ","I know I saw a video where someone did similar, a few months back. He didn't set up a fight pit or anything, he just never left the island, and built a huge thriving city.","Thank you, it was a really fun challenge to get The Mayor through it","Is your character a reference to Skulduggery Pleasant? ","Tried going to the edge of my borders and going back. I thought you could do that too, but it seems not, maybe it was patched out?","You told him you were going to go, right? Then that sort of sucks, but not that big of a deal for a novelty playthrough :)","Yeah, but not a big deal. He occasionally defends my city from raiders as the peasants are ill equipped to deal with any real threat.","He didn't even play the game that's why. He never left sanctuary.","Or am naturally very lazy. :P","I'm not sure the Mayor is welcoming towards rival towns anymore.","Haven't tested it myself, so I'm not sure if there's a way to take over settlements without saving Preston &amp; Co., but if there is.. MAYOR GHASTLY'S COMMONWEALTH. The possibilities for the supply line guys &amp; all that!! \n\nEither way that was an awesome read. It inspires me.","Oh god yes, I think you can, maybe with some... Murderous negotiations... The Commonwealth of Ghastly. Do Not Oppose Me!\n\nGlad you enjoyed it. It was a fun challenge.","It works. Kill everyone at a settlement and it becomes yours. Don't know how it works with settlement with kids though ","They will become MY children!!!","the kids run away, and I haven't noticed any come back.  Somebody should mod an orphanage so all the abandoned kids go there (if you decide not to kill them because mods).  If they don't allow killable kid mods, then you could mod in something messed up like selling them to the institute or to slavers.","Just started one of these as per your request, two questions: Firstly, what was your SPECIAL spread? Secondly, how in hell did you find a Crystal Liquor Decanter? I have looked this town up and down and found naught. ","I think all the junk is randomly generated,I found it in one of the houses.","Well that sucks, now I have no way to get a transmitter until someone shows up by mistake. ","Maybe try setting up a Ghoul trap, they may drop some.","Are traps from the DLC or something? Because they aren't available to craft for me. They don't even show up. ","Wasteland Workshop introduced them, yes.","Ok, that makes more sense","Yeah, they're in the Wasteland Workshop DLC. Definitely worth it, if you ask me.","I may have come up with the most convoluted plan to get that beacon. So I make a brahmin trough and hope one wanders in. When it does I farm its fertilizer until I can make enough Jet to make a Raider cage. From there, I farm Raiders until one drops Razorgrain. With that I farm it, until I have enough for a Brahmin cage. I farm the Brahmin until I can make a Mutant Hound cage. With their meat, I can make the Ghoul cage. We're almost done. I farm Ghouls until a camera drops. I get the crystal from the camera, make the beacon, and the reign of mild terror begins. ","Dude, that's great,there are so many workarounds if you try and think creatively. Good work, and with Raiders and Ghouls you have a better chance of getting the money you need to build a shop.","also you could grind to get max scrounger and gunners","If you do, please link me, it would be a great watch.","This would be even more interesting in the new survival mode.","ive been trying to do that, its incredibly difficult due to the monetary constraints and lack of antibiotics after some time","It really would. Even harder, too, I would imagine.","Ha ha, thank you. I put a lot of effort into a good narrative, glad you enjoyed it. :)","It's more a case of fighting your own temptations to leave. The 'that Raider house is only a bit across the river', or 'That military truck is still in the water' temptations are the hardest to get around.","I've started and feel like I'm taking soo many photos, but I suppose I don't have to use them all. Also getting some lucky crystal and  circuitry is the only thing that makes this possible.","You can get some from Caged Ghoul drops. Crystal is integral though. :P","So sad I couldn't get Dogmeat to come over. Just sitting there, waiting for me.","That's awesome. Did you need mods to do that? ","Thank you, I play on PS4 so no mods.","What is your button to open the workshop?","How did you get the deathclaw","Yao Guai meat was the hardest to get. I had to start planting carrots (I only had one to start with) to get a Ragstag cage. I then killed enough of the Ragstags to get a Yao Guai cage, then killed enough of them to get a Deathclaw cage.","You should have got Animal Friend so you could tame him and make him a pet. Who needs a fucking dog when you have a deathclaw?","I agree, but that takes perk points I need to save up for.","Great work OP, I also love sloths.","Thank you for that! It was an entertaining read. \n\nWhenever I read stuff like this, I always feel that I have no creativity when it comes to playing games. I just do the quest etc, and I think thats one of the main reasons why I am getting bored of most video games. I should really try and differ from the natural path of the game. ","Following the story is what we're supposed to do, so don't feel bad. I'm looking forward to what the new DLC has to offer.","Talk about Started From The Bottom","This is great. You can build a trader stand to get outside traders to come in. It can be pretty handy.","I think you need to get to Bunker Hill before that can be built. Not sure, I couldn't find it in the build.","Aw, didn't realize.","I will build a wall to keep smooth skins out! - Donald ghoul trump! ","And Bunker Hill will pay for it!!!","This is what Fallout 4 is about. Do whatever you feel like doing.","Exactly, make your own adventure.","No words, this is brilliant. Great job!","What's the overall happiness looking like?","Currently sitting on 55 with the red arrow down. I suspect the peasants are displeased with their lot in life. The fools. ","I find RPing really autistic and don't want to cringe, so can someone give me a TL;DR?","TL;DR. Stayed in Sanctuary, slowly built a town, turned into a Jet Dealer and a tyrant.","Excellent read, you sick dictator!","I am protecting my city, I am saving my city. I am curing MY city!!!\n\nThank you, glad you liked it. :)","Hmmm, With intimidation you could command a settler to attack dogmeat then they could be brought to sanctuary maybe? Actually it's probably better if its a raider.","This is the best thing ever. Thank you. x","Ha, you're welcome. I'm so happy so many people enjoyed it. It was a really fun challenge. :)","Very cool.  Keep us all updated?","So good! Thanks for posting.","You're welcome, glad you enjoyed it. :)","What was your initial SPECIAL?  And what would you have done if there was no crystal in Sanctuary?","Can't really remember the original stat list, but I think it was S1 P1 E1 C10 I10 A2 L5. I bought more stats as I needed more. My original plans kept failing, I thought traders would come by with a beacon, doesn't work that way. If I had no crystal would have been to make Codsworth run the store, also doesn't work that way.I would have probably spammed Ghoul cages until one dropped some junk that got me crystal.","Oof. That 10 int probably didn't help with idiot savant too much. ","I didn't really notoce a major drop. I kept getting it about 30% of the time when making Jet. It never happened anywhere else."],["My Red Rocket just has a concrete wall. Yours is an actual museum.","Homemaker lets me do a lot more than vanilla.  ","Yeah, I have it too. I'm just not good at making stuff look nice, so I just end up getting rid of what I try to make and settle for a wooden shack instead.","It takes ages. I don't realize how long I will be working on a settlement until suddenly 5 hours have passed and I am not nearly done.  ","I really expected more from wasteland workshop after seeing how much settlement mods were adding.\n\nMaybe they will update it with more stuff in the future. Kind of like a pass rather than a one time thing?","This seems likely since the DLC is called DLCworkshop01 in the plugin manager.","Nah, that's just Bethesda's naming convention. Dlc followed by an identifier and then 01. For reference, Dawnguard was DLCdawnguard01.\n\nEdit: and Wasteland Workshop's real contribution is in the added gameplay mechanics. Sure, we got some new toys but the real bread and butter of the dlc is all the functionality and new mechanics we get to play with and mod. It's not about the items, it's about what we'll do with them.","Dawnguard sequel nobody wanted confirmed! ","Awesome. I mean its only 5$, not too bad, but more stuff would always be nice.","Oh there will be more workshop DLCs. No chance in hell they're free though","I didn't get any of the DLC yet.  I may not, we'll see. I tend to have enough fun with all the mods.  ","I have a sleeping bag on the floor so I can sleep there when I'm near sanctuary but for whatever reason don't feel like going into town to sleep.","Welcome to SodoSopa, developed around historical Kenny's Red Rocket. \n\nNow introducing... The Lofts at Red Rocket.\n\n*Welcome Home*","And now introducing... *The Residences* at *The Lofts* at *SoDoSoPa*.","Shi Tpa Town is clearly where this is located.  The Whole foods is around the back.  ","I like how the power armor section of your bright and shiny museum is lit by fires in trash cans. \\^_^","It doesn't fit at all, but the light they emit looks cool as hell bouncing off the power armor.  ","It does!","I figure that area was just for me anyway and I wanted it looking really cool.  I've had to kill the settlement several times because I get angry when I find them up there.  ","I love what Microsoft's done with minecrafts graphics since they bought out notch! Wow!","LOL I do get that feeling sometimes.  ","Haha looks good though OP, keep in up!","Wow, I am blown away by your creativity. Excellent work, that looks amazing. ","Thanks I've done a few others.  Notibly Abernathy and Nordhagen beach.  I could post those too.  They go into detail with shops rather than just a stand.  ","I'd love to know what you did with Nordhagen. I like fortifying and building up small settlements like that one, but I stick with the \"wasteland\" aesthetic. I'm curious to see what a high-tech one would look like (assuming that's what you did).","Nordhagen beach is an entirely pier based settlement with all buildings located off a boardwalk over the water.  I'll post it soon.  ","I love your settlement, it looks great.\n\nPersonally though, I can't stand the weeds in this game, so I feel I must mention spring cleaning (http://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/4640/?) just so that I know that you know you have the option of scrapping them.\n\nBe careful with it though, it also lets you scrap things that you might not want to scrap.","Yes, I have used it after I built this settlement on my other, more ambitious settlements.  ","I thought it looked like a museum before you even told me it was a museum.","I knew I'd said too much","Someone needs to make the red rocket station into the spaceship from Futurama. ","LOL I have had the same thought.  ","Kinda looks like and Apple Store ","But...Power armor are Backward compatibile !","But do they fit in reverse?","How bad does your framerate drop once you get near this beautiful pile of pixels?","LOl I've got an I5 4690k and a 270x.  It drops to around 25-35 fps so not horrible.  Wouldn't want to rumble near it.  My Abernathy is worse in some spots.  ","I'm a very forgiving person. But those towels are hanging off of that toilet.","Why would I care about that?\n\n\n*Sweating intensifies* ","Many PC mods?","Just 1 I think. [Homemaker](http://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/1478/?tab=1&amp;navtag=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nexusmods.com%2Ffallout4%2Fajax%2Fmoddescription%2F%3Fid%3D1478%26preview%3D&amp;pUp=1) It adds about 1000 new craft able Lore friendly stuff to craft for your settlement. \n\n","Homemaker is the only one for this, no other mods.  Building this really presses my 270x sometimes.  Usually runs around 25-35 fps after I am done.  I just checked.  Spring cleaning too but for this settlement I had not used that one yet.  ","Who the fuck is Shaun?","I never loved him anyway.  ","I'm impressed. I made a similar design with the black marble walls and windows surrounding read rocket, but I didn't take it so high or large. Looks good. ","Thank you.  I scaled it back slightly when it dropped my FPS too much.  ","That is beautiful. Well done!","Thank you.  ","Wow - that should keep out any interlopers.","Does nothing for lollygaggers, though.","I kill any settler that doesn't show the proper respect.  Seriously, I've liquidated the population several times.  Usually when I want to test a new legendary weapon I picked up.  Then I just repopulate it from the radio and other settlements.  ","Impressive work. Do you go crazy with food plantations, I'm curious.","No, just enough to feed whose there.  When I started I made fields of mutfruit at many settlements before I figured out that purified water production was far more profitable.  Now my settlers exist for me to occasionally experiement with new legendary weapons.  I've killed all of them a few times.  ","[Hanging Gardens of Babylon would](http://cheapvacationholiday.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/The-hanging-gardens-of-Babylon_where-%C4%B1s-it_6.png) be cool in F4 !","Yes they would.  ","I like how you kept the settlers with dirty clothes lol","They mean nothing to me, literally lab rats to test cool weapons on.  At my beach settlement I demand all settlers wear sack hoods at all times (except the doctor, the doctor gets to wear a lab coat)","Turn it into an Apple store","Aww damn, i was hopeing this was all in wasteland dlc.  I want to get it but it sounds lacking","From what I saw many of the things in homemaker are in the wasteland DLC.  I don't have it so I don't know for sure.  ","I wonder if this guy used mods…","Homemaker.  ","Holy hell how do you get that stuff? How come people can build all this yet I'm limited to just a couple of shacks? It won't let me build much at all","PC mods","Another have a link for the uninitiated? ","http://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/1478/? there ya go.\n\nAlso watch Gophers [videos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWDjdimWoMQ&amp;list=PLE7DlYarj-DcsUoIH2gzYt7u6WSh07m4A) on modding Bethesda games","Thanks!","Oh...duh.","Not true, yes I used homemaker for this one but I built my first Red Rocked settlement without it.  Play with concrete foundations.  \n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHreruKty9I  This guy was my inspiration orignally.  He is the master of concrete foundation building.  Watch his videos for tips on building.  You don't need to be as big as his fancy stuff but the tricks he knows are 100% console friendly.  I will admit I was most impressed of my first, non mod build.  It was way harder but totally cool looking.  ","[deleted]","what are you talking about?","Maybe a really long stroke?","I think he was meant to post this in the thread about the concept art for armour and clothing, and how Bethesda should release it as DLC","Wrong thread I assume"],["\"Who, and where the fuck is Shaun? I wonder if that bitch is spending my caps with hoes in New Vegas.\" - Sole Survivor 2016\n\n\nSeriously though, this brought a tear to my eye, the memories. Well done! :D","I've been asking around Primm about a bald guy with a scar, Vault 111, and Shaun, but no one seems to know what the fuck I'm talking about. Oh well. Babies are annoying anyway.\n\nSeriously though, now that I have my Prospector Saloon, I just need to find a settler that looks like Trudy, one who looks like Sunny Smiles, and a junkyard dog, babysit them all the way to Spectacle Island, and make them stay in the Saloon for the rest of eternity with me while I ask them how they feel about the NCR.","I'd recommend replacing piper with Macready.","Too bad I can't force Mama Murphy out there and build her chair in Easy Pete's spot.","Mama Murphy and Easy Pete sounds like a dangerous combination.   \nChems + explosives + looney old folks = a heckuva good time!","I can't even imagine that drugged out old crow handling dynamite. We could've just let her loose on the deathclaw in Concord.","You could say... She has a bunch of dynasight...","boo get off the stage\n\nj/k, have an upvote.","Hey, nice work! I really liked the vibe. next step, rebuild the strip with the casinos and interiors. I'll be waiting.","No problem. Should I build the NCR Embassy, Vault 21 with the Vault Hotel underneath, and Michael Angelo's studio as well? I guess I would have to. I'll get right on it!","Of course! And don't forget Freeside!","And the rest of the Desert as well. Might as well.","That's actually really awesome. How many hours did that take you to make?","Thanks! And about... 8 or 9 hours I guess? I'm not entirely sure. Lol","How do you get the counter like that?\n\nLooks amazing btw.","You mean get them clipped together? Just put one on top of a small doormat and pick up the door mat. It'll basically make the counter invisible and let you place it inside of other things. Look up \"Fallout 4 rug glitch\" on YouTube and you should find tons of videos.","You should Add the secret moonshine room that's in the back in new Vegas ","Oh yeah, it actually is back there. I just forgot to take pictures.","That's badass dude serious props to the entire project it's very accurate ","Thanks! Props to you for checking it out! :)","I only just now realized how powerful those sun rays are in terms of creating atmosphere. Damn you New Vegas! (I miss you)","It hasn't gone anywhere...","True enough comrade but I am a humble console peasant and don't currently have my 360.","I Just Started Playing New Vegas there Funnily enough 😀","Awesome! It's a great game, I hope you enjoy it!","Ahh, the first-time feel of any new Bethesda game. Man, if only I could relive that with FO3 and NV. \n\nThey're such fun games! I've completely played through NV atleast 4-5 times to see all the different endings + countless other saves that I never finished the main story line with lol. ","First time playing FNV? If so, enjoy the greatest fallout game ever :)","well done mate!","Saloon, saloon never changes...\nWell done :)","It might not be Easy Pete sitting in that chair... but some claim she is still easy. &lt;_&lt;","\"Wow, you're really good at picking locks... I think I love you. Here is my life story and vagina.\" Yeah, I'd say so. lol","This. This is awesome","No, you're awesome.","couldn't even write saloon in neon","I did at first, but it was so small that it looked really stupid.","i was gonna write a reply and say they have a subreddit for that, but r-small is just generic porn.  ","\\*sigh\\* *unzips*","don't bother, here [(.)(.)](https://www.reddit.com/r/nsfw411/wiki/index)","not bad.","Not bad yourself. :)","Don't you think it's cool that the one in new vegas couldn't even render outdoors, and you've made it and you can see the world. Good job btw","It is really neat! Just being able to open the door and see inside from outside the building is really cool. And thank you.","Damn fine work","Inside is good - the outside is a bit poor.  Not sure I get why you put \"liquor\" on the outside.","OP just took the liberty of putting it, there's no need for it to be 100% accurate. Gives more life to the facade, I like it.","Oh, I definitely don't care if you like it, but thanks for telling me.\n\nedit:  Not sure why liking the project overall, but pointing out something I did not like, makes my post bad.   Remember, guys; down vote is not a disagree button.","??????\n\nNobody on the internet cares about what we like or dislike, bro. If you think this is important enough to mention it, you shouldn't even have pointed out your opinion about the project in the first place, because we don't care what you think about the inside or the outside or the liquor sign.","I don't mind too much. I'm not super happy with the outside myself, but I wasn't left with a lot of choices on how to go about it... The inside has all of those concert posters and such in the original, so I was able to decorate with paintings. The main feature on the outside, however, is the sign above the entrance, and I couldn't really do that with neon because it was too small. So I agree with him, the outside does look really bland, but there's just not a ton that I can do to change it.","I know, but at least in my opinion the liquor sign was a good alternative to the salloon sign that you weren't able to do. It wasn't 100% accurate in comparison to the original, but made it less bland.\n\nBy the way, why don't you try doing the sign with power boxes? I think you may be able to write a nicely sized name with the big and the small variations.","There's small power boxes?! Must've been something I missed in Wasteland Workshop... I'm gonna get on there and try it right now. Thanks!","Yeah, it was added in the DLC. I'm happy to play a small part in the greatness of this project. Keep us posted!","I upvoted you. I don't mind constructive criticism. You weren't an asshole about it or anything.","I just felt like it needed something since I couldn't replicate the actual sign. Probably wasn't in the best spot. And I'm not super happy with the railings on top, I'll probably figure out a way to give it extra height in a different way. As far as the sides of the building go... There's not a whole ton I can do with it without just throwing random crap on the building. We don't have like a brick and mortar texture like what's on the real thing, or decent looking windows.","If you did this on PC, why the hell you didn't use most of awesome mods.\n\nIf you did this on Console, well played sir.","Nope, not on PC sadly. Xbox One poor boy here.","don't be sad about having console.","I'm not actually sad, I'm very appreciative to have my Xbox One and be able to play Fallout 4 at all. But I'll still be saving up to build a computer one of these days.","Itsva wonderful job then, you are getting mods soon anyway.","Thanks! And hell yeah, I'm looking forward to those sweet, sweet console mods. I'm going to have every workshop mod they approve."]],"hockey":[],"meirl":[["\"Grandad, you can't tame white supremacy with cheese!\"\n\n\"Oh, yes I can!\"\n\nBoondocks S1E1","That show sum gud shit","Except season 4. I like to pretend it never happened.","Thanks for letting me know. I've only seen the first two seasons so I'll just get through the third and stop.","because aaron mcgruder didn't have anything to do with s4 and someone else wrote it. I kinda wish it never happened","Just watch them all. Don't give up 3/4ths of the way through. Except suits, only first 2 seasons matter.","No, fuck that, don't even watch the 4th season. The original creator and writer left the show, after he stated he was done with it, Adult Swim tried to force him to make another season. He wasn't having it, so they went ahead without him.\n\nThat's how we got an entire episode that is literally just an advertisement for Apple, or an episode that's just a \"ghetto-fied\" version of the first episode of Breaking Bad, every single character has been flanderized into their simplest, one-sided form possible.\n\nI've never met a single individual who was a genuine fan of the first 3 seasons, who even remotely enjoyed the 4th. Adult Swim whored the Boondocks name out to try and profit off of it one last time, and it failed horribly.\n\nIt's worse than the live action Avatar: TLAB movie. I would literally recommend that movie over the 4th season.","da mo u know","Oh shoot, I've only seen the first two seasons of Suits, and I thought they were great. Does it get bad?","Becomes a basic drama","Well dang.\n\ni guess that's just another reason to compare it to White Collar, though.","Well it's not bad, it's just not as good","Nah, they're all worth watching IMO","You won't be missing much. ","I liked it better than season 1 :-\\ \n\nWhat? I'm a sucker for fluid animation, so sue me. ","I'm on the phone with my lawyer right now. ","👀👌🏻","👌👀","The circle of life","BOOTYBOOTYBUTTCHEEKS!","\"Shoot. Making white people riot. You better learn how to lie like me! I'm gonna find me a white man and lie to him right now.\"","Holy shit. That show does it for me.\n\n\"I'm gonna go find me a white man to lie to right now... Lie real good...\"\n\n","I crack up any time Uncle Ruckus (no relation) shows up, but my favorite bit of his is when Grandad is going on the \"Do It Big!\" weekend and Ruckus comes over to watch the kids,\n\n&gt; Hello Robert. I'd help you wit' yo bags, but you a coon.","We got Kraft, and we got Velveeta.","Did you just offer me cheese?\n\n\nYes I did\n\nI'd love some, thank you","I love that show!","Dubliner cheese by kerrygold","My go-to whenever I'm introducing someone to cheese that is better than the standard (pepper jack, bad cheddar, etc.) \n\nIt just works on everything!","But I like pepper jack on my melts :(","He didn't say it's bad, he just said it was standard","What's that taste like? I'm a Swiss or provolone man.","If I had to guess, I'd imagine it tastes like cheese.","Can confirm\n\nSource: ive eaten dubliner.\n\nI would recommend eating it with other foods (not by itself) as it is a very sharp cheese, however if you are into sharp cheeses i guess you could eat it by itself","pretty mild for a sharp cheese.... (I think it's perfectly fine on it's own.... though I do eat it with pickled olives, flatbread, and a mix of olive oil and vinegar)","It's an old firm cheddar. If you like this you should also try avonlea cheddar, it has very strong potato flavor and is one of the more unique cheeses I've tasted ","Dubliner Kerry gold is like an aged white cheddar.","In that case you need to try ammerlander swiss ","Imagine cheddar mixed with parmesan. It's fantastic.","gouda-like","What stores could I find some of this?","Costco has 2-pound blocks for ~$12","Trader Joe's carries kerrygold butter, they might have the cheese too. Super fresh had the cheese but I think they are all closed now.","Safeway in Canada.","YES I'm surprised to see it mentioned here","try the blarney castle. It's even better.","Muenster ","I love muenster on a burger. It brings something special cheddar or American can't. ","American isn't cheese...","It's different kinds of cheese put together","It's like interracial cheese","A melting pot of cheese, if you will.","America: racial fondue","Fuck yes.","Dear god, check your 24 other messages.\n\nAlso smoked Gouda.","Probably some stupid group text. ","It's a repost, I've seen it before ages ago","i love cheese","tru","Do these really ever happen on smartphones though? Who texts to a number and not a contact?  How do you get a wrong *number* and not a wrong *person*?","Only if someone like, wrote down their number for you and you messed up entering it or you got a new phone and the contacts didn't transfer ","Then how would you know you got the wrong number as soon as you texted?","You wouldn't. This is fake.","I had gotten a new phone and had zero numbers moved over because I'm dumb. Well later that night I was buying my daughter boots and wanted my moms opinion. I thought I knew her number by heart but I didn't. I sent some random lady 3 pictures of cowboy boots and asked which she liked. She replied she didn't know me and I apologized. I then sent her another picture, not realizing I typed in the exact same number since I deleted the previous texts that I sent the random lady, and she said \"Still not your mom but I like option 3 best.\" I apologized again and gave up trying to reach my mom.\n\n\nI picked option 3.","Yeah, but like this scenario, they realize before the other person says anything. Not likely. ","I have like... 6 saved numbers in my contact list, the rest are mostly guessing and hoping it's the correct person.","/r/TextsFromCharlieKelly","Got my hopes up...","See to the change that you want!","I'm with /u/Tyronne_Lannister, you make the sub and I'll start making OC for it. I'll promise you at least 10 text convo screencaps.","How much cheese is too much cheese?","[So, you guys ever eat cheese?](http://24.media.tumblr.com/d1ec5b85dbbe8b56c40e8be0454a0aaa/tumblr_mz4026RCxe1toi8p4o2_250.gif)","ANY amount of cheese is too much cheese, Charlie.","Pepperjack cheese","Tastes great on sandwiches.\n\nTastes God awful by itself. ","Whatever. I fucking love me a slice of cold pepper jack cheese. ","Yeah honestly I love eating it alone ","Well you can eat it on a sandwich alone too","I usually eat sandwiches alone cuz I have no friends.","You do everything alone anyways ","wrong.\n\ndelicious always. 24/7. even on holidays. no sick days for pepper jack cheese.","You're not wrong.","Yes he is. Pepperjack is fantastic alone, and putting a piece on a Ritz cracker is even better.","And putting it on naan is divine ","Herbed up havarti is the god of grilled cheese sandwiches ","Havarti and Pepperjack are the best","Please please gimme dat sweet pepperjack cheese","Havarti is my all time favorite. I always pick some up when I make turkey sandwiches after Thanksgiving.","You're wrong. Gruyere","YOU CAN SUCK MY CHEESY DICK, FAM","I like my cheese stringy so i usually do havarti and provalone. Perfect blend of gooey and stringy","GRUYERE\n\nNot sure how you'd go about to get your hands on it outside of Switzerland, but if you can, I highly recommend it","You can get it at any cheese monger, which you can find in any major regional city.  In large metros you can find it any nicer grocery's deli dept.  Trader Joe's, for example, carries Gruyere cheese.\n\nMy suggestion is [Cowgirl Creamery's Mt. Tam](https://www.cowgirlcreamery.com/our-cheeses/mt-tam) cheese.","Have you ever tried to find it at all? Is pretty easy ","No because I live in switzerland so I don't have to search for it","24 unread messages? /r/notme_irl","Here's one then","Beecher's Flagship","That's my home cheese, man. It's like the best features of all other cheeses, melted down into a right triangle.","*drooling intensifies*","I would eat only Beecher's for the rest of my life if I could. Considered using the giant $100 block of it as a wedding cake, and I'm still sad we didn't. ","Isn't (208) area code in Idaho? It was when i lived in Blackfoot. ","Yep. It's been the only area code for the entire state up until recently; 986 just got approved as the area code for all new Idaho numbers.","Looks like the new numbers wont be happening until late next year, so it's still the only area code for a while longer. It's going to be a weird change for Idaho to have another area code. ","I can still remember my old home number and it's been about 15 years since I lived there. \n\nI miss Idaho. ","Muenster is fuckin good on any sandwich I tell you hwat. ","Am I banned?","No","This is the good sub, not *the other one*","Here is a word cloud of every comment in this thread, as of this time: http://i.imgur.com/5HWTM7N.png\n\n---\n\n[^[source ^code]](https://github.com/Winneon/makeswordclouds) [^[contact ^developer]](https://reddit.com/user/WinneonSword) [^[request ^word ^cloud]](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=makeswordcloudsagain&amp;subject=Requesting%20word%20cloud.&amp;message=%2Bcreate%20REPLACE_THIS_WITH_A_REDDIT_POST_PERMALINK)","&gt;Cheese  \n\n&gt;Cheddar  \n\n&gt;Gouda white Love\n\nlooks about right\n\n","Aged Gouda - Rembrandt is a good brand. ","Swiss ","Emmental swiss, sweet baby jesus yes.","Provolone is very good","Sharp, sharp cheddar.  Extra-sharp.  Put-out-an-eye sharp. ","Fuuuuuuuuuuck yessss. If I take a bite of cheddar and I don't make a stink face its not good cheddar. ","If I take a bite of cheddar and don't make [this face,](http://i.imgur.com/kISgE.jpg) it's not good cheddar. ","Tillamook vintage white extra sharp cheddar, really expensive, totally worth it","If you ever have a chance to get your hands on 20 year cheddar, do it, not matter how much it costs. Anything above 15 is just a whole new world of cheese. ","Butterkase","Somerset Brie","**Old Amsterdam cheese** is the best cheese I've ever tasted. Perfect with roast potatoes or fries.","Soft cheese: Riopelle, Bianca (goat), Taleggio, 14 Arpents. Hard: cave aged gruyère, Avonlea Cheddar, old Amsterdam Gouda. If anyone has cheese questions bring em to me, I'm the cheese bitch. ","Asiago  ","Is it true that in the USA you're not allowed cheese from unpasteurised milk?\n\nI'm moving there soon and I'm going to miss it if that's the case.","No, it's not true. I see raw milk cheese at the grocery store all the time. ","It is the land of eating whatever the hell we want. \n\nFreedom. ","Except horsemeat, to my perpetual disappointment. ","I sometimes change my name on my works email signature to: Horse meat repacker and wholesaler. Plenty of business in Canada and Mexico.","Not Kinder Surprise eggs.    ;-;","You can get 'em on Amazon.","/r/MURICA ","they sell the cheese you just cant buy the milk","Mate, we have freedom here. We eat whatever we want. ","http://www.oola.com/dishes/13793/17-international-foods-that-are-totally-banned-in-the-us-have-you-tried-any-of-these-before/#page=1","This couldn't be more me 🧀 irl ","truffle cheese ","This might help, particularly if you want to melt your cheese.\n\nhttps://i.imgur.com/KLZLpIf.jpg\n\nhttps://i.imgur.com/vYbN9nA.jpg","Smoked cheddar. Stuff is great.","Triple crème brie is fucking amazing.","I would say Brillat Savrin or Etxegarai. Brillat Savrin is a triple cream brie with a ton of flavor. Kindof nutty and mushroomy. Etxegarai is a birch wood smoked sheep milk cheese from the Basque region of Spain. They are really nice and I wish everyone could try them .","Everyone here talking bout them cheddar variations, and I'm just here enjoying my feta, parmigiano reggiano and some good-ass mascarpone for dessert.","Any medium gouda. Just enough taste and smooth","Robiolla","I came here to see good cheese, not disapointed.","Miyoko's","Morbier is my favorite","Smoked Guda, wonderful eating cheese not good for cooking however.","Munster and gouda!!!","Beemster kaas natuurlijk. ","this has to be the most reposted picture on this website","Stinking Bishop","Saint Andre.","That shit made me cry. Just a few fresh blueberries and it's heaven. ","It's like better butter","Try delice de Bourgogne ","Tedcruz_irl","If you haven't had camembert you haven't lived.","/r/whitepeopletwitter","Fellow San Antonian here. Eat meunster","Anything triple creme, goat cheese, or good old Comte ","KerryGold Blarney Castle. It's the shit.","Oh, now I need cheese. Any kind will do. Really.","Spicy ","Abbot's Gold - cheddar with caramelized onions. ","Gruyère","I don't think I've ever identified more with a me irl.","Mmm Stilton, or if it's with biscuits maybe a bit of Wensleydale.","Provel \"cheese\" is my favorite, go ahead and judge me.","Kraft's American Singles.","This is totally something I would say. Also I'm partial to Gouda, Muenster, or Provolone for sandwiches. Sharp Cheddar from Costco, or blue cheese are both great on their own. Blue cheese and a fried egg make the best burgers. I love cheese. "],["burgerman","2 comments, can only see one, someone here's a shadowy ghost.","Spooky","Scary","Skeletons","Yeah. Reddit still shadowbans.","It's not a shadowban.","Oh. Then what happened? ","We have automod remove rulebreaking comments for us.","Sounds handy.","Why wouldn't it ?","Because they have been saying for the past 5 years that it is a temporary solution that was meant for spambots and they will stop doing it to regular users soon","&gt; that was meant for spambots\n\nCould be a spambot","Could be, but shadowbanning is still the only way they ban regular users","It's not like they'll just stop one day. They'll create a new method of preventing spam and hype it for a few months, they won't stop cold Turkey ","I'm a 6'4\" chef at Wendy's with a 9 inch cock making over $130,000 a year.","I'm a 6'5\" Denny's cook and I make $130,001  a year, suck my 10 incher","I'm 4'1\" homeless bum, I make about $3,5 a decade, suck my 1 inch micropenis","Damn dude, I can't even try to beat that tree fiddy","/r/notinteresting","Me_irl","Me additional thank you","Nice job, burgerlar. "],["Is there a suberddit dedicated for this guy?","/r/pakalupapito kind of, but it's really inactive.","just like my sex life","/r/meirl","Love this guy, he's my spirit animal!"]],"NSFW_GIF":[["Did she get the part?","The audition process never ends","[Sauce](http://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=1617136172)","Jesus, what are these fucking questions...What do you like about sex? lol","( . ) ( . )","[I find the most erotic part of a woman is the boobies](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eMbEmeu85EU)","I like when the sex happens","Umm.... It feels good.","I don't know how she does it, but Mia always makes me believe.","Unicorns? Ghosts? Aliens?... Mia always makes me believe.","That link name","Everytime I see anything about Mia Malkova I remember of this http://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=ph57085152e3499","This has recently enriched my live in ways I couldn't imagine","do tell","Is that real? It's got to be fake, right?","No, it's real. The mom wanted to make sure they weren't hurting her. ","That's a great vid if it is legit","castingcouch does non \"amateurs\" now?","Ah, she is just so... *nice.*","never lets me down, this gal.","Has she done anal yet?","Yup. A couple times now. Here's the first one\n\nhttp://m.spankbang.com/48s1/video/mia+malkova+stretch+my+ass+first+anal","father stretch my ass","Maybe that's what all the choral chants and moaning in the beginning are about ","Only with her woman bashing husband Danny Mountain. ","Woman bashing? Need Details ","http://www.lukeisback.com/2009/04/eva-angelina-exclusive-split-with-her-husband-porn-stud-danny-mountain-domestic-violence-charges/","Thank you God Sir!","Has her ass been confirmed to be real? She's got such a insane bubble butt. Hard to believe. ","Well, what would constitute confirmation? I'm pretty sure she's *said* it's real, but it's not like she's submitted to an x-ray or something.\n\nPorn stars tend to have amazing bodies. That's why the market selects them to be porn stars. If you could reliably use surgery to make a penis huge or make a face beautiful, we'd be questioning those things as well. ","Most porn stars also have been augmented so it's a fair question ","Generally speaking, my rule is, if it moves like it's real, it probably is.\n\nSilicone doesn't pop like that. At all.","Yeah. That strangely defined section where her thigh meets her ass cheek in this gif is what has me questioning. Just looks unnatural. Just curious. ","I mean, I'm not saying I've looked at X-Rays of her or anything, but any time she's standing up you can tell her skeleton is…different.\n\nLike, she's not really even big-boned or anything, she's just built differently from most people. I don't know, there's just something odd about it.","Its \"real\" in the sense that it's probably just a fat injection. Silicon ass implants(and to an extent tit implants) aren't really a thing anymore since injections are so much better looking and kinda real. ","I bet she feels real nice","\"Casting Mia Malkova\" as if there ever was any doubt","Wait WAIT. Guys guys this is weird but play this in the background.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KV2ssT8lzj8\nit fits?\n\nto me it does, accidentally found this out cause i was too lazy to stop music.\n\nAlso kinda high.","No it totally fits, but I'm high too","So awesome ","well.. thats an unfortunate gfycat url \"UglyWhoppingDonkey\"","Casting couch-X.com filmed this AFTER she was already famous..... Nice try though","Is there a full video for this porn?","http://upornia.com/videos/214599/casting-couch-x-video-mia-malkova/","She should have a sub","/r/MiaMalkova ?","No he means she should have subway.","Or a sub she can dominate\n\nI can see her dominating the cold cut trio or Italian bmt","Really hope she doesn't have herpes after all the porn:(","Everyone in porn has herpes, it's just part of the deal. ","Is this a joke, or legitimate?","Crazy to me that people are willing to do that","[You probably have herpes, and that's okay.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aU4VcOQzQm0)","I don't have herpes.  Also I really don't understand what this video is supposed to prove.  Calling them \"little red bumps\" is just blatant minimization of the problem, and is the type of mentality that leads to people not disclosing their status, thus perpetuating this issue.  Very stupid video.","You said it's crazy to you that people are willing to get herpes in order to make a living from having sex. I'm just trying to put it in perspective for you. To quote the video, \"most people don't even develop symptoms.\"\n\nedit: Nothing personal, but I think you should tell your therapist about how you repeatedly bring up herpes in discussions where it's completely out of place. Might be a topic to explore.","Just saw your edit: I've actually talked to my therapist about my fear of herpes, and they've acknowledged it's a legitimate concern for someone in my demographic. Bringing it up on reddit has allowed me to have many discussions I would not have otherwise been able to have in real life:) Pretty nifty use of the site imo\n\n","It's a temporary living with permanent repercussions, though.  It's not like you're set for life financially after you do porn for a little bit.  It's good money in the short run compared to a wage-based job, but it's not as much as people act like it is, and the type of girls who go into it without realizing this aren't the type who are going to be saving for retirement anyways.\n","You're not interested if she does huh? Man she's gonna be disappointed ","Or I just don't want bad things to happen to people.","Rightttt. You're snooping around nsfw gif wondering about the integrity of the porn ladies lips. And I assume commenting on the other ones voicing your concern too right?","Have a look at the commenting history - this fool just likes to pretend they care about spreading the word of the dangers of herpes but is really just a shallow troll with problems.","Again, having discussion about ones sexual health is not trolling, nor is it foolish, and the fact that you define it that way is truly alarming.  People considering this topic too taboo to talk about is the exact reason it is such a pervasive issue.  You should be adult enough to realize this is a legitimate thing to be concerned about for anyone who is sexually active.","You need professional help - please get it.","Luckily I do not have herpes:)","Have you tested yourself? Most people have herpes and don't know it.","Yes, I have, and I do not have either strain.  I'm aware that most people have it, which is why I am wary of contracting it.","I'll take your word for it - you do have a mental illness though. I sincerely hope you get help with it.","Wanting to maintain physical and psychological health is not a mental illness:)","I look at whatever's on the front page, I'm not really snooping around anywhere.  You can have herpes both genitally and orally btw"],["#3 man,  she's in the God dam zone ","She'd be a helluva DJ","Veronica Rodriguez in the middle she can Fucking get it ","I would choose Veronica.","1 3 2","The girls are: Veronica Rodriguez, Nina North and Zoey Taylor\n\n[source] (http://spankbang.com/igyd/video/veronica+nina+zoey+perfect+pussies)","**3, 2, 1**.","I like the one in middle.","Ditto","Nina... look how wide she spreads\n","That's something Dick might say","The blonde","1","3 seems like the most fun!","I'll take that awesome couch!","Yummy - http://www.4sextube.net/videos/3717/veronica-rodriguez-nina-north-and-zoey-taylor-perfect-pussies/"],["At first I read it as Yordano Ventura, the pitcher for the Royals. I was very confused.","Same here. That would certainly be a clubhouse convo starter","LMAO","Justin Bieber got to hit that. Hate your life even more now knowing this? Me too. ","Every time I see one of those \"Bieber surprises a fan\" videos, I look at the ones who are above the age of consent and think he hit it and made them sign nondisclosure agreements. ","Yeah apparently for any party these girls attend with him they're asked to sign an nda by his crew beforehand. ","Did he really? Were they together or something?","Intanimated?","For the Bieber thing, I wouldn't say anyone should be upset. That's girl on girl action. ","27 points. Gj reddit on being a 14 year old thats as out of touch as a 60 year old","Bruh","Mango Deck in Cabo San Lucas.","Looks like the RedNeck Porn Awards.... You can see cousin Cooter in the background.....","https://www.instagram.com/yoventura/","/r/YovannaVentura ","Where can I download this ","[Sauce](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-H3-mCzMTU)","Thanks, jeez she's got a great body ","Great view. \nOh, also those mountains aren't bad I guess. "]],"KenM":[["I would love to meet Ken's pastor someday ","They do went to the agnostic church. His wife is a practicing agnostic.","His grandson dive them there and after they go to FedEx to pick up sausage product. ","Those low-fat sausages filled with air?","His pastor has a lot of GOOD points.","Very GOOD points, peace. ","The best points.","Terrific points","He's the best at points","The points got 10 points higher.","MAKE POINTS GREAT AGAIN","Don't we love our points?","I love how a thread can start with reposts of Ken M and turn into Donald Trump and no one questions it.","Build a big ~~4, 6, 8, 10, 12,~~ 14 billion dollar point to keep the Mexicans out. ","Speak for yourself.","Points love me!","Can someone link me to the original GOOD point post?  I don't think I've ever seen it and I've even tried some hardcore Googling.","Here https://i.imgur.com/9ZVOmAs.png","Aw... it's not capitalized.  I'm a little disappointed if I'm being honest.","KenM never said \"GOOD point\" however he did say both \"[good point from my wife](http://i.imgur.com/9ZVOmAs.png)\" and \"[GOOD product we always put pepper on it in our household](http://i.imgur.com/bvGPsQg.jpg)\"","I love that post so much. The fucking magazines in the oven","Aha","Oh my gosh, perfect!  Thank you. ","No problem","Ken M lore is best lore.","GOOD point, I'll be sure to save a link to this comment and print it out to be stored in my \"things to research more about\" folder in my filing cabinet. ","I think i'm gonna vomit","hi buddy boo :D","hi dinks","*;","I agree","we are ALL googling on this fine day","Speak for yourself","I am ALL googling on this fine day","I wonder if his pastor is his wife.","Is his pastor his wife?","We seem to have forgotten our good friend, the GOOD points?","GOD point from my pastor...","[deleted]","What is wrong with you!?","I thought his pastor was a practicing agnostic?","We are all Ken M's pastor on this blessed day","I'd like to hear him read my favorite Jesus quote, \"Vulgarity is the fool's fig leaf.\"","Who doesn't LOVE tacos?","My pastor says life begins at ejaculation","The only people who support abortions are people who have already been born.","Well, you're not wrong...","And such this is the magic of Ken M.\n\nHis best trolls are ones where he's not *wrong*, just aggravating enough. ","But that's an actual quote from Ronald fucking Reagan.","The original troll who captured the hearts of a nation.","A bawdy man who flew in the face of adversity","...And then ate them.","Check your postnatal privilege!","GOOD point","crap I saw that on a bumper sticker a couple days ago\n\ndid I get trolled on the highway?  :\\","I think it's a reagan quote","So, yes.","1-0","This quote itself isn't as dumb as people make it out to be. ","Idiot","Account that spams nothing but \"Idiot\" in KenM threads... quite the original memelord.","But 'idiot' is a KenM meme","Linda White is a commentator on one particular Ken M post who said \"idiot\".\n\nIf you don't get the meme, don't hate on it.\n\nEdit: nice edit there /u/mushbug, now my comment is just rude :(","idiot","Just noticed you edited your comment, lol","You must not have much of a life.","Well that's uncalled for","/r/jerktalkdiamond","I think that guy downvoted my comment, what a rude boy","Well, you said something with which he disagreed. Isn't that the way it works on reddit? ","é_è\n\n(This is an emoticon that only French people can type. It carries a lot of meaning, too.)","To be fair, none of us asked to be born. What if we would have preferred to be aborted? ","My DOCTOR says that bad dietary habbits are revealing of a sub conscious desire to have been aborted","Ok Ken ;)","Speak for yourself","We are all abortions on this blessed day :)","I am all dank on this meme'd day :)","Me too, thanks.","That sounds suspiciously like something Ken would say...","What about our good friend, meiosis?","Kids shouldn't be exposed to meiosis until their adults but don't try calling cps cause they won't do nothing ","I was exposed to meiosis at age 14...","I went on the internet and got exposed to meowtosis","Kids shouldn't be exposed to the internet until age 18.","Imagine how well adjusted and successful I'd be if that were true. ","first one on the list ","Let us not forget our other friend, osmosis.","Even reverse osmosis is regular old osmosis. ","I wasn't a huge fan of his movie though.","Everyone's *very* good friends with your ol' sis ;)","The bible says that's a trick from the devil","Why are we leaving osmosis out?","In case you really don't know, mitosis and meiosis are both processes in cell reproduction.  Osmosis just describes particle movement.\n","Do I look like a biologist or a hydrologist? ","Valid points, but hypnosis was left out as well. ","you mean GOOD friend?","I love that the other persons argument was based off of price, and nothing else.","KenM can afford the expense. His son makes 6k figures.","That's how he can afford to live in Central Park","KenM doesn't need to work since he won the lottery. He and his wife both quit their jobs and live a frugal life style. ","And he seemed unknowing towards what a cell was ","Nobody ever cares how the money feels :'(","This may be the first time I've seen someone trolling KenM.","I just don't understand why he wants to scan sperm covered cats.","It seemed more like he was joking along than arguing.","love the \"peace\" at the end","*drops mic*",",,,","really,,","!!!!","Boom, roasted","They wanted only a partial ellipse. ","GOOD point from my wife: instead of using ultrasound, they could use a lower quality, LESS expensive sound.","My wife made a good point the other day. She said we shouldn't be teaching these people to abort their cells, but rather they should give them to an adoptive family peace.","Your wife's a breath of fresh air on this blessed day, peace","We are ALL a breath of fresh air on this blessed day","Speak for yourself.","I am ALL a breath of fresh air on this blessed day","GOOD point by your wife.","My local sanitation dept receives regular donations on my behalf ","Not just any adoptive family though. You and your wife should adapt all those cells. Not me because I am all for abortion.","The kind of people that reply to comments on articles directly always strike me as overly passionate and a little unbalanced. ","Have you been on /r/KenM before?","Yeah. I'm not referring to Ken's comments, I mean other people's ","It's like reading comments in liveleak sometimes","we are ALL nuclei on this blessed day :)","Speak for yourself.","i am ALL nuclei on this blessed day :)","Truly, the nucleus is our peephole through which we can gaze at the everlasting crucible of life on this lonely little planet - our friend, planet Earth.","there are more nuclei in our precious earth than then there are earths in this whole planet.","WTF is that second person even talking about? That comment makes no sense whatsoever. You can't MRI or CAT scan the sperm. One, because the technology being used is not suitable, and two it's become a zygote, and has transformed into an embryo, or fetus. What a yutz.","I think he was trying to troll too, he just had no idea what he was up against.","#CellLivesMatter","The mitochondria is the powerhouse of the fetus","&gt;our pastor says life begins at mitosis\n\nlolololololol","That was the clincher. Had a nice giggle from that.","Life actually begins at erection, Ken.","Which came first, the boner or the babby man","We could solve this problem by making babies give boners. Cycle of life.","Meiosis, actually","I'm pretty sure that's the joke.","Surprisingly, Ken is actually correct. Meiosis is the creating of the gametes from germ cells, however once a zygote (fertilized egg) is created it splits through mitosis ","That's right. I suppose I'm not a deep enough thinker like ken's pastor","GOOD point.","The bit I'm bothered about is the use of \"women\" as a singular.","...welcome to /r/KenM?  \n\n","I've seen people do that, but for some reason I have never seen anyone do the same with the word man/men.","Omfg \"life begins at mitosis\" new all time favorite","that last line...Gold Jerry! Gold!!","I love when Ken tries to get hip with it and signs out with a \"peace\"...just trying to stay fresh with the kids, ya dig?","Fuck that's good.","Donating blood is OK because red blood cells don't have nuclei. Take *that* Jehovah's Witnesses!\n\n(don't mind the white blood cells)","\"Our pastor says the road to hell is paved with happiness\"","I find it odd that people always talk about giving rights to unborn sperm. A sperm isn't nucleated like an egg cell so it doesn't have a soul.","Sperm have nuclei.","I asked my wife about this, and you are incorrect. A sperm has a \"nucleus\", not a \"nuclei\".  It's an easy mistake to make.  \n\n","In going to assume you are joking. But in case you aren't, I meant sperm in the plural.  ","I understand. I'm just saying that if sperms had nucleis, that would be a lot of wasted souls.","&gt;\"Our pastor says life begins at mitosis\"\n\nbeautiful","Here is a word cloud of every comment in this thread, as of this time: http://i.imgur.com/a3nnfHZ.png\n\n---\n\n[^[source ^code]](https://github.com/Winneon/makeswordclouds) [^[contact ^developer]](https://reddit.com/user/WinneonSword) [^[request ^word ^cloud]](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=makeswordcloudsagain&amp;subject=Requesting%20word%20cloud.&amp;message=%2Bcreate%20REPLACE_THIS_WITH_A_REDDIT_POST_PERMALINK)","GOOD, POINT, WIFE. lolololo loliosis","Classic Ken. ","Sperm and eggs divide by meiosis, not mitosis! God, Ken M is such an idiot! :)","NO LIFE BEGINS AT FERTILIZATION\n\nSOME OF MY BEST FRIENDS ARE FERTILIZED EGG CELLS","My grandson is an ultrasound technician.  This may ASSURE him a job. ","People actually believe that, though.","Please change your name ","What?","#PLEASE CHANGE YOUR NAME \n***\n\n##[^^^I ^^^am ^^^a ^^^bot, ^^^and ^^^I ^^^don't ^^^respond ^^^to ^^^myself.](https://np.reddit.com/r/CantHearYouBot/)","It's a KenM reference. ","Uh, good point.","[deleted]","He's well aware of his magnificence.","He does, he's actually a mod on the sub. /u/KennyEmmy","Oh, I didn't know.","Reddit really knows how to drive a joke into the ground. Does every single thread need someone to post 'Good point by my wife' and 'We are all X'? They usually aren't even relevant but for some reason you retards still upvote them. It's like you're too stupid to check if something is actually funny, you just think 'hurt durr someone said the thing!' and upvote them.","Decent post, but as a certified life coach I would add a tenth item to your list.","[deleted]","Well life does begin at mitosis, peace.","You missed the point","He's losing his touch","Fuck KenM","He's already taken."],["The best part is that the second commenter mocks Ken for his *correct* use of 'was a kid'.","When I beed a kid.","How can someone feel confident enough to correct someone else's grammar and then be completely wrong? At least check if you aren't sure. Ken truly exposes the ignorance of Internet commenters.","Pretty sure it's because he said doller. It's dollar. Lol","Yes, but when Ken says \"when I *was a kid, he is grammatically correct. And that is what the next commentor (commenter?) makes fun of. ","No it isn't, he's quoting the time period that Ken m is referring to. He's saying \"when you were a kid, Ken, did they have spelling tests?\" because Ken spelled dollar wrong","I don't think that you're right,  but I'll give you the benefit of the doubt because I'm not certain that I'm right either. ","Im fairly certain I'm right because the commenter is talking about spelling mistakes and there are no spelling mistakes in the quoted portion. And that its its an actual insult that makes sense\n\n\n(imagine as if this was a conversation between two people in real life, the quote would be said in a mockery of Ken m) ","You probably are, I just am not sure how it could be used in mockery when Ken didn't use it incorrectly.  It seems like the commentor thought Ken used it wrong, and *attwmpted* to mock him, when really Ken used it right. ","No but he's not mocking the quoted part. He's directly quoting the part to talk about Ken when he was a child. ","Yes but why quote? If he had simply said \"when you were a kid, Ken, did they have spelling tests?\" the meaning would be clear. All that quoting accomplishes is making his comment grammatically incorrect. ","Because this is something people do in real life, it's a pretty common thing","This is exactly what I'm understanding the comment as. Thank you ","We are ALL right on this BLESSED day!","See, that's where the confusion lies. It seems to me that he could have just said \"when you were a kid\", rather than quoting Ken and saying \"when you was a kid\". ","Set them niggas shtraight","Shouldn't it be - When you \"[were] a kid\" - to be the most correct?","Yes, but the point isn't to be correct it's to directly quote them. It's mockery, it doesn't work if you change what they say","I think the issue, as people have pointed out, is that he's mocking the grammatically correct part of the comment.","But he's not mocking Ken FOR that part of the sentence ","That's the problem ;3","GOOD point but from when my wife was a kid","i think hes just trolling back","It says something about Yahoo! that in 30 minutes, the only criticism he got was about his \"spelling.\"","Poor Ken had to repeat the joke because no one bit the first time.","we are all blessed by our dollers on this day","Speak for yourself.","I am all GOOD point from my nephew grandson making $6k million doller figures on this blessed meme 😆😆😆 xD","Drift95 might be a troller himself!"],["grandson is about to be the only 1 in our family to pass the 1nd grade","Calc u later, dudes","Jason is onto Ken","God it's like a vigilante Philomena Cunk.... I love it.","I think all the grammar mistakes are a bit overkill. It kind of gives away the trolling a bit ","Is a calculater better than my calculator? Can I use it to do my multiplication tables?","They are more accurate but the results are delayed."]],"TumblrInAction":[["What a horrible attitude to have, especially if you're disabled.","That's something that doesn't get discussed much outside of the disabled community itself, I feel. No one really talks about what percent of us are fucking assholes.\n\nTwo common personalities amongst the disabled: those that milk it for all its worth, no one ever says no to them and thus you get these entitled, spoiled rotten assholes, OR the ones where I guess a parent has self-esteem issues on their behalf and thus makes the disabled child grow up obsessed with overcoming adversity and proving their disability doesn't hold them back. The latter of those two may not seem so bad, but I once had an optometrist who was a nationally recognized cyclist (sorry, afraid I forget his name cause I didn't care) and the moment the dude hears I'm missing a leg in the EXACT same fashion as he is? \"Oh, we've gotta get him involved in cycling.\" Uh I'm sorry what? We do? Do I get a say in this cause that doesn't sound remotely interesting to me. You go cycle and feel like a slave towards proving yourself equal, I'm gonna chill out, crack a few jokes and hit on women, because that's what I enjoy doing with my free time: I enjoy socializing. It has nothing to do with picking something where my disability doesn't get in the way and everything to do with just legitimately enjoying socializing with people. Crazy how I could show interest in something that has zero correlation - positive or negative - with my disability, right?","So the leg thing, does that make it easier or harder with the ladies?","I have no fucking clue whatsoever, nor will I ever know. \n\nThat's actually somewhat of a sensitive subject for me just cause my mom has, on multiple occassion, expressed concern that I'll have difficulty finding a partner because one leg is unattractive. Not gonna lie, hearing that hurts, and it hurts me in such a way that....so I've asked women before if they care, and I've realized that I completely filter out their answers. If I'm told they don't care, I assume they're being polite, so yeah, my mom \"scarred\" me in the sense I dunno if it's something that matters or not.\n\n  I *have* been told I'm one hot motherfucker on multiple occassions, and I've realized that again, I have no idea if that's true or if I'm a niche sort of attractive that some women will find attractive rather than a universal kind of attractive. Like if I catch a woman staring at me in town or on the bus? My thought is \"probably wondering why I limp,\" not \"she's checking me out.\"\n\nI mean overall it doesn't bother me or stress me or anything, nor does it in any way hold me back (if you were asking if I have a healthy love life, absolutely), but I do find it rather unfortunate that it's absolutely destroyed my sense for if a random girl is attracted to me or not, simply because I assume the worst and that means sometimes I'm being checked out and my thought it just \"it's a prosthetic. That's why I limp. If I flash it will you stop staring?\"","Katawa Shoujo has taught me that you don't need to have all your legs, arms, eyes, ears or skin still attached or in perfect working order to have a bunch of weebs cry and jerk off to you. I think you'll manage, so long as your route is interesting and you're a well-written character.","&gt; bunch of MALE weebs cry and jerk off to you\n\nFTFY. Men will jerk off to a piece of particularly [curvy driftwood](https://youtu.be/3OfJk0Zh-IA?t=53)","I heavily doubt the existence of female weebs.\n\nBut I'm sure if they exist some of them have played KS. \n","Female weeb here, we exist in great numbers. I have played every route in Katawa Shoujo (but Rin owns my heart)","Please, I bet you're just a guy pretending to be a girl. Everyone knows girls don't exist on the internet. ","Lmao u got me bb &lt;3","They exist. I've met them, dated one that volunteered for a local weeb convention and saw more of them. They're just as bad as the guys, they just shower slightly more often and have a weird fixation with gay anime sex.","They're called fujoshi. Where do you think all the yaoi comes from and why there's such a huge market for it?","Crispy bacon","If AFlyingNun is a crispy bacon style shoujo I will... Hug him real good and tell him everything is okay...\n\n^^^^Hanako ^^^^is ^^^^best","I haven't played it in so long \n\n^^^^Emi ^^^^is ^^^^better\n\n","Lily is best","Why does it matter if you are niche or universally attractive?\n\nIf they like you, go with it. It's better to enjoy being wanted, than to piss away the opportunity by trying to figure out why. ","I just meant that I feel like a normal person would, after the dozenth time of being told they're super hot, become more confident when someone stares and be more likely to assume they're attractive and that's the reason for the looks. But since I dunno if the looks are for my leg or my appearance, I just don't start assuming that.\n\nI guess the best way I could explain it is that I've met 1-2 women in my life who I found absolutely gorgeous, but because of how they were treated as kids, they were unaware of this. (one was mocked for childhood obesity, another actually had a very attractive natural blonde streak in her otherwise black hair, but kids being kids, made fun of it because it stands out) Both of them, when they get stares, seem more uncomfortable rather than flattered, completely oblivious to the fact they're gorgeous. They probably likewise think they're a niche sort of attractive, the difference being that you don't gain the confidence and the self-assurance in the face of stares that you would if you believed yourself to be a universal sort of attractive.\n\n\nAnd I just want to clarify: I don't suffer from low self-esteem, nor do stares bother me. I'm fine with all of it. I was just answering the guy's question, with my answer being that sadly I cannot give a good answer.","What everybody else here is saying is on point.  I'm all in one piece and I'll never really believe a woman likes me for me.  Sometimes life is just cool like that.","I'm with you here. Not only am I all in one piece, but I would go so far as to say I'm pretty good-looking. But last relationship I had, the girl left me abruptly for a bloke who looked like a second-rate Sheldon Cooper. I will freely admit that when it comes to relationships, I don't have a shadow of a clue what the fuck I'm doing, but shit like that can really fuck up your self-image.","Alright, you shared a personal story so I'll share mine.  I married a very pretty young woman who ended up being a sociopath, and I'm not using that term in a mean-spirited way.  I have suspicions that she legitimately did not feel 'feelings' the way the rest of us do.\n\nWell, she fucked my best friend from childhood and collapsed my social circle (All my friends knew and did not tell me, poor choice of people to call friends I suppose).  There's a lot more to it, of course, but long story short I can no longer form deep, trusting relationships with anybody.  I don't have a door to my \"inside\" anymore, it's all walls, and this is super, super socially crippling for me.  People think I'm a social ice-cube but really I just don't know how to be friends/companions any longer.  I perpetually have one ear cocked, waiting for the next shoe to drop.\n\nIt's funny because folks will tell me \"Oh don't worry, it will pass\" but guys, it's been 3 years.  I don't even care about any of them anymore, I realize I just made a poor choice of who to trust.  That doesn't solve my inability to connect though.  Anymore I don't even want friends.  They are just another variable I cannot account for.","I've been told im attractive a good bit since I grew my hair our and gained weight. As a guy I don't think you ever get past the weird feeling when girls stare. It doesn't happen often so when it does you think maybe you have a weird expression of your hair looks weird. Or maybe your clothes suck,or shes thinking of a joke to tell her friend and that's why they're laughing when you walk by.","When girls stare at me I like to imagine they are checking my guns out.\n\nThis is because I Identify as an Attack Helicopterkin. They are impressed by the non binary, genderfluid 30 mm cannons and AMG-114 Hellfire missiles on my body. That they want to call me \"Apache\" and respect my right to kill from above and kill needlessly. If they can't accept me then they are a heliphobe and need to check their vehicle privilege. ","God dammit.","Well it's your right to believe that.","Gained fat or muscle?","Little bit of both for a while, till I cleaned the diet up. I graduated high school at 6'2, 160lbs. I only ate one meal a day through high school and ran/swam all the time. I got to a military college for my first semester and began actually eating 3x a day, everyday, and kept exercising. I grew to 180lbs after that semester and was starting to actually look healthy. I transferred to a different school and since I had decided not to join the military, I decided to stop running so much and start lifting. I began eating like crazy to bulk, after two years I was up to 215 and lifting pretty heavy after a year of devoted power lifting. I cut out red meat from my diet, soda, and one of my two lunch sandwiches. I dropped to 195 and haven't been able to get higher since(it's been 2 years since I dropped the weight). So now I hover around 195lbs at 6'2 with a solid build. This is my build now http://imgur.com/PDZToDX, but my hair is a good bit longer. ","That was more info than I expected, I have no further questions.","Trust me there is no such thing as a truly normal person. I've got some problems with my head and for a long time I was obsessed with trying to be normal. I'm still not happy about the problems I have but I've stopped going insane trying to be normal. I can understand if it's harder for you to see it that way but it helped me get a grip and stopped pretending to be something I'm. ","Been told I'm good looking (to varying degrees of attractiveness up to \"hot\") over a dozen times. Have not become confident, self-esteem already damaged. We're still the same.","[deleted]","&gt; Plus the whole \"oh, yeah, we're skipping this fucking line; fuck you, Disneyland.\"\n\nCedar Point, Top Thrill Dragster. You can look it up if you're not familiar with it.\n\nI'm not fond of taking advantage of my disability unless I feel it's warranted. I can absolutely stand long amounts of time, so I didn't wanna play that card. I waited in line at every ride in the park. \n\nAfter maybe two hours in line, me and my friends are next, guy at the last \"gate\" or whatever says \"hey...is that a prosthetic leg?\" No one else had ever done this up to this point. I answer \"yeah? why?\" He answers \"sorry we cannot let you go on this ride unless we have a signed note from your doctor saying your prosthetic is safe to wear on such a ride.\" \n\nNever got to ride it. I waited long, too. Fuck you, random Cedar Point worker with a hawkeye for prosthetics, trying to save my life and shit.","[deleted]","I'd have been hopping mad in that situation. ","I know that ride!!!\n\nApparently they're anal about safety for it, when I was there they kept shutting it down because it kept lightly spitting. Like 5 minutes of mist, nope the ride would close for half an hour. \n\nI was really determined to ride it, I love nitro cars (anything that shoots flames out of it, really) so I waited 5 hours.\n\nI never did get to ride it, it started pissing rain at about 9 so we just went home :( it's still on my bucket list","If it makes you feel better, like everyone feels like that, not just disabled people","Yeah right, everyone knows you fucking two-leggers are always thinking about all that weird two-legger shit. Yknow, like dancing and firewalking and jerking off to erotic pictures of feet.\n\nGod, you fucking two-leggers sicken me.","Hey man you should channel that negative energy into cycling","CLEARLY","Jesus, we're not all Quentin Tarantino.","Yeah! I'm more of a calves/thighs kind of guy myself","To be fair I do think about dancing a lot. But that might be because I haven't been to practice in several weeks due to exams...","I'm severely lacking in personal desire and ambition to the point where I just do whatever my friends wanna do. A couple years ago my friends were clubbers, and I'm serious when I say I don't understand dancing whatsoever. I can do it, I got hit on for dancing like MJ to Billie Jean once, but I get absolutely zero enjoyment from it.\n\nYou two-leggers got weird hobbies. I mean it'd be like if I said \"SHIT I GOT HANDS, THIS IS SO AWESOME, BETTER GO TO A CLUB AND WAVE THEM AROUND ALL NIGHT.\"","Club dancing I also don't understand. Seriously, thought about it a lot. Its the weirdest mix of intimate and distant. It has an obvious communal element (friends, dance floor etc) and yet also seem to be so insular and unconnected; everyone dances in their own space, to the music which is common but not seeking to connect with the other dancers. People in that sense I think don't really dance *with* others they dance *at* others. Like some sort of mating ritual, which I guess it is.\n\nFor my own part I dance International Ballroom and Latin, Scottish Ceilidh, and Swing. At least that has a sense of artistic expression and Ceilidh is very communal. Hell, Ballroom and Latin is an Olympic recognised sport.","&gt; Its the weirdest mix of intimate and distant.\n\nOne club visit in particular, I remember this girl grinding her ass against me for like a solid two minutes. My friends are always judgy and don't take kindly to my commitment issues; they'll hook up on the fly, I've NEVER hooked up at a club. Closest I ever got was some drunk girl getting me drunk while telling me I looked too artistic to be studying something dull like law before we ended up making out and both leaving (to puke) and forgetting to get each other's numbers. That night they gave me a hard time, now this girl's grinding against me, so I thought \"alright wtf I'll give it a go.\" After two minutes I'm sure that's not an accident, so I decide to put my hands on her hips (not her ass, hell no I wasn't moving fast). She IMMEDIATELY swung around giving me a look like I just raped her. WTF BITCH SRSLY?? Like look if you thought I was someone else, ok, but don't act like I'm just some perv grabbing girls at random.\n\nAnd I mean honestly I really don't get why I'd wanna hook up there. A dorm party with students playing music, drinking and chatting? Love those. A club? Dude I can barely scream my name in her ear loud enough for her to hear it, why the fuck would I hook up with these people? How do I know I'm not grinding against the town loon?\n\nThe majority of my club time can be summed up with me sitting at the bar drinking whisky and wondering why the fuck I was there in the first place.","Hey mate, as a fellow disabled guy I can tell you the actual truth to the question 'to people care?' \n\nThe vast majority of the time? 99.9% the answer is 'no'. People are non-observant, self obsessed and apathetic. \n\nThey don't notice things about other people most of the time. Even if they do? They don't care enough to let a 'minor' observation sway major interactions. \n\nI've been in the same place as you. I don't know if this will get ignored but people don't care about your disability. They care about *you* and how you live your life. ","\"No one is thinking about you\".\n\nA great dude I knew a long time ago told me that, when I was worrying about how I came off.  Liberating.","What if they are wondering, \"why is that attractive guy limping?\" :) I know you feel self conscious, but as you've shown your disability doesn't define you. I think everyone wonders why someone might be staring at them... and a lot of us jump to the negative, which is us just being cruel to ourselves. Not that it means anything, but I wouldn't be bothered by it, and I'm not just being polite. You sound like a cool dude. Keep smiling and keep confident - that's what girls find most attractive! ","Nah it's not even feeling self-concious, like I don't stress out or anything if people stare at me. It's understandable that people are curious about that kind of thing and are staring to figure out the issue, and sure enough most stop staring once they've figured out the issue. It's just yeah as I said, I do NOT know if I'm being checked out or not. The most common reason to be stared at for me is my limp, so I always assume that. It doesn't bother me or upset me (unless it's little kids, those weird little fuckers say and do all sorts of stuff), but it does mean it overrides any other assumptions one might make. \n\nLike honestly, my dad could have other kids for all I know. Say one day I'm at a train station and a sister I don't know I have is staring at me realizing we may damned well be related due to similarities in appearance. While she's solving the riddle, I'd just be thinking \"yep, I'm disabled. If you stare long enough maybe it'll grow back!\"","ah I see! that makes sense. Sorry for being presumptuous there really is no way I could relate to that :( because no matter what I think people might be staring at me for it is always speculation never something that is obviously different about me! thanks for sharing your thoughts~","Nah man...you've got a leg up on the competition. I'm just gonna go out on a limb and say you're probably gonna get better girls than I will because you'll find ones who don't care. Like...when you go out there to date, at least you can say \"The dating game is afoot\". \n\n (If you didn't like my puns, please forgive me. If you did like my puns, then hey, best of luck to you man. Hope it made you laugh)","For what it's worth, I have 0 fetish-related attraction to disability and it wouldn't be a factor for me if you were funny and cute and engaging, you know? ","&gt; I have 0 fetish-related attraction to disability\n\nOh god THOSE fuckers...\n\nJust gonna throw this out there. I've met a couple people that made it apparent my disability was a turn-on for them....yeah I got the fuck outta there.","Hey, I can tell you, as a girl, I really would not care. I mean long as you're a good person, I really don't mind physical stuff. I have huge scars, and I was worried no one would ever want to be with me because of them. My fiance doesn't care one but about them because he loves me for me. He doesn't mind my leg scars. I don't know if this is coming across as I would like it to, but just know that it shouldn't hold you back, man.","Don't worry about me, I'm not the type to worry or dwell on unhappier stuff. For me it's more of a \"it sucks that I'm programmed in such a way that I'll never be content with the answers I get so I'll never answer that question\" rather than something I obsessively worry about or let bother me.\n\nI mean \"luckily\" I have commitment issues so I'm not too big on dating anyways, and yeah at 27 I have encountered only *one* girl who ever seemed to imply it was an issue. (she was kind of a tactless ass about it too, gotta say. We were eating dinner together and discussing what we find attractive in the opposite gender and this bitch thinks it's a brilliant idea to answer \"genetics\" to the guy with one leg. Like man there's nicer ways to say you're not interested)","If you feel comfortable posting a picture of yourself, Reddit can give you the correct answer.","Something I wanna get out of the way? I'm not like suffering from low self-esteem or something, which seems to be the impression I accidently gave. Like I feel bad and awkward now. Likewise I kinda hold the stance of you should be happy with yourself, not worry about others opinions. So on that note, I was gonna respectfully decline, cause wtf no offense but I don't care what random redditors think of me. Like it just sounds like a recipe for disaster where either I'm called ugly or accused of a humblebrag or something. *However*, **I remembered I have a picture I love and I want a sweet excuse to tell the story behind it.**\n\nFirst let me get out the way that no I don't suffer from self-esteem issues. The only high quality picture of myself I can give is [this](http://i.imgur.com/E1tUePI.jpg), which is some professional photographer sneaking a picture of me while I was changing for senior photos. I'm not posing, I'm changing shirts. Fukn weird, right? But look, I can at the very least say \"hey I'm decent looking,\" so that's all I care about. I'm not linking that to say \"JUDGE ME PLS REDDIT\" because I don't care, just trying to calm any perception I'm like suffering self-esteem issues and need re-assurance. I don't.\n\n Normally I don't like the photos people take of themselves where they try to look nice or prepare though, myself included. I normally like photos like [this](http://i.imgur.com/XYxGjKm.jpg), which is me wondering if I look as shitty as I feel when waking up with a hangover. I have no idea why I'm like that, but I just have far more fun with pictures that tell a story rather than \"here's selfie #47 after I took 46 others where I didn't like how I looked.\" And like I said I don't really *care* what people think, it was more a lament of never knowing; it was a lament because I'm a curious person, not cause it's a self-esteem issue for me. If I were butt fugly or borderline butt fugly ok, but I do at least feel decent looking and that's good enough for me to not care any further. Speaking of photos that aren't about showing off one's looks, check out [this](http://i.imgur.com/JfK2eja.jpg) one. Look at that shit, I have proof I was born gangsta. How awesome is that? This is why pictures with stories are better.\n\n\n**I say all of this to lead into the pic I love.** A couple years ago I was flying back to the USA to visit family. Anyone who's ever flown between Germany and USA can tell you that flight is killer. The flight itself is like 11 hours, and that's not factoring in things like train travel in Germany or connecting flights in USA. By the end of it, you're looking at a solid 24 hours of travel without pause.\n\nThis time I got to my *final* stop, I walk out expecting my often *overly* loving mother there, and instead....nothing. Really out of character for her. I'm sitting there trying to think what the problem could be, the airport is emptying out cause we were the last arriving flight of the night, some lady is approaching me asking me if I need help or a place to stay or anything cause I seem lost. I ask her if I can use her phone real quick and give my mom a call. Turns out my mom had the date wrong. Like she somehow converted the dates to account for the difference in time (like if you fly against the sun you lose a day, if you fly with it then you land 2 hours later that same day) even though wtf that's my job cause I'm the one flying. She's freaking out feeling like shit for forgetting me and saying she's driving to the airport ASAP to pick me up. Cool, but it's gonna be an hour before she gets here, and then it'll be another hour after that before I can sleep in a bed or eat actual food. \n\nSo there I am, sitting there feeling like absolute shit, it's cold and I'm tired as all hell, and all I have is an ipad but no internet. I'm looking at it to see if there's anything to do, and I see the camera. I think \"boy I wonder if I look as shitty as I feel\" and decide to take a picture to find out. I had no idea what was behind me, and I think it made for a pretty amazing contrast between the wall display thing behind me and [my own exhausted expression.](http://i.imgur.com/9zBkjWr.jpg) I may be dead on the outside, but I was ***SPIRITUALLY ALIVE!*** \n\n**tl;dr** people are more entertaining when they look like shit anyways.","Your hair is fabulous and I'm somewhat jealous. Also, you write really nice. It's enjoyable to read and engaging. I wish I could write that well. ","Writing's a skill anyone can refine. I'm sure if you found yourself in an environment or lifestyle where you're expected to read and write a lot, you'd be happy with the improvements you'd see. And thanks.","As a girl with no vested interest in all this, I just want to say that I clicked on the photos and think you're handsome. No agenda. So there's that. ","Yeah, I'd say your pretty all around handsome, may be a bit niche though just cause long hair is kind of polarizing. Some love it, some don't. Personally I like it.","Poland ***loves*** me. I seriously need to go to Poland just because the amount of Polish women that've immediately declared eternal love in me is just insane. I'm super curious as to why I'm suddenly a supermodel in the eyes of one particular country.","Oh my god I would not care if you had one leg or three, you're god damn beautiful. ","Your pics make me miss my long hair, dude :) ","[Ask them to whack your leg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVbqKOYBh5I)","Total side-note, I've always wanted a woman to hit on me and try to grope my ass but end up going for the ass cheek that's covered by the prosthetic because that sounds like the most hilariously awkward situation to me. A very depressing percent go for the real leg though. :c (though on the other hand I was once play fighting with a girl who spanked the wrong side, and that wasn't fun for her...nor me, shortly thereafter)","Well you can now say you have a bun of steel.","&gt; because one leg is unattractive\n\nIt's all in how you frame it. Yeah, a wooden leg is unattractive, as is a conventional prosthetic. But what you wanna do is get one of those new robot legs. Nobody's gonna look at some Adam Jensen looking motherfucker and go \"oh, he's a cripple\". No, they're gonna say \"holy shit, that's a legit cyborg. How big is his robot dick?\".\n\nThe only problem is, they're obscenely expensive. But really, that just simplifies the problem of attracting women. Normally, people have to be rich *and* in good shape to date a 10. But if you're buying body parts, wealth and fitness are basically the same thing.","&gt; It's all in how you frame it. Yeah, a wooden leg is unattractive, as is a conventional prosthetic. But what you wanna do is get one of those new robot legs.\n\nListen motherfucker, it's 2016, not 1900. This thing is stainless steel, and I've had one of those robot legs. I've never known anyone with a wooden leg, and was even told one time when I wanted a peg leg to go as a pirate for halloween that wood would be bad. ALL prosthetics are stupidly overpriced because they know you can't exactly say no to their prices, and when you say \"those new robot legs\" I honestly dunno which you mean. You could mean anything from a C-leg (actual computer in it) to anything steel to one of the running prosthetics that get people banned from races for turning them into Sanic.","&gt; turning them into Sanic\n\n^Gotta ^^go ^^^fast","One of my uncles lost one of his arms and most of the shoulder to cancer, and because the hospital goofed on diagnosing it in time they got him one of those extremely new ones, it's controlled by direct thought. He's actually pretty okay with it (from what I've heard, last time I saw him was right before the surgery to remove the arm), and he's had some interesting moments with it. Apparently the wrist can swivel a full 360 degrees, so sometimes it'll do that when he's not thinking about it. They've got some crazy stuff out there.","Lmfao!!\n\nAll I can picture is a guy with a fancy arm trying to decide what to order in a restaurant, his wrist just swiveling around","Yeah, that's kinda how it happens (it seems to do that more when he's walking than any other activity, for some reason or another). He has to look at it and think about his wrist stopping for it to get the message. ","Oh fuck. I'm losing it in this thread. I'd buy you a drink if I could. ","You could always post to reddit to find out the cold hard truth about your attractiveness","Ah yes, reddit. The irrefutable champions of all things attractive and unattractive!","What positions do you prefer? I've always wondered how the mechanics work with one leg. Seems like it'd knock a few positions out, but might make a few more easier.","Well that escalated quickly.\n\nThe rule of thumb I can give you is that anything involving a bed or a wall is unaffected. Take doggystyle on a bed for example, it's just hands and knees. Ideally an amputated limb should come down to the knee of the other limb. This is the ideal length so that you can be provided with a healthy prosthetic with little hassle, healthy meaning one that has all the proper height measurements so as to keep your back and other leg healthy. As such, if you're already on your knees, then yeah my stump leg would effectively be like being on my knee if I had two legs.\n\nFor anything standing, it all SHOULD be doable if you really want to, it's more of an lolwhy would you want to. It's something that I'd find myself doing if a girl LOVED a certain standing position, but otherwise why bother. It should also be said that, for example, doggystyle standing would not be an issue because....it's hard to explain how exactly, but one leg can make you more nimble and flexible. It's sometimes just a body part that's out of the way, so sometimes movement is easier. If we're talking standing doggystyle, I can easily rest my stub-leg (or whatever you wanna call it) on her ass, and even without having to press it against her, that alone is enough support that I'm fine. Even if that weren't, just get a chair and wtf that'll support me just fine, OR as I said do it against a wall and I can support myself off of it. Wearing the prosthetic during sex would both destroy her ass (not the kinky way. I mean she'd dislocate a hip) and put me at excessive risk of being pinched in an area I don't want pinched. You COULD however find prosthetics that don't get in the way, but that depends on the amputee moreso than the prosthetic. (aka some limbs can be fit with a prosthetic that doesn't go up high on the hip, others go all the way up and cover your ass. Personally mine covers my ass, so it's in the way)\n\nThe only position that screams \"yeah let's not do that\" off the top of my head is standing missionary. That's not so much a case of impossible, but rather...when I was a teen, I was told to stop hopping around my house on one leg and stick to crawling as my main mode of transport, the reason being that hopping can fuck up my leg (particularly the knee) and become noticeably detrimental as I age, whereas crawling builds muscle in all fours. If I picture myself doing standing missionary, it's going to need to involve a chair for support, and even then, it seems like I would be putting lots of unneccesary stress on my leg and basically be taking a hit to my health (not an immediate one, but one that could hurt in the same way people that move furniture will feel it in their knees and backs later in life) for the sake of some pleasure. Why not just sit down in the damned chair instead? If there's a will there's a way, but if there's no demand from her for anything standing, there's really not much purpose.\n\n\nI should also mention that doctors will try to salvage your heelpad when doing surgery to amputate useless parts while creating a stump leg for prosthetic use. Every stump leg is \"manmade\" and every one is different. If possible, the doctors try to attach your heelpad to the end of the foot, your foot essentially being like...the femur? The upper leg bone, basically. IF they can salvage the heelpad, you can take a lot of stress without any discomfort. If they cannot, then that's another story entirely and will be an obstacle in itself when designing prosthetics for you. In my particular case, I mentioned earlier that ideally your stump leg should reach your knee in length. Mine is SLIGHTLY longer; my father is 6'9\" so they gave a generous estimate for my growth that I didn't quite achieve. Despite the fact that my stump leg is about ~1 inch too long, no sane doctor on this planet would advise that I undergo surgery to try and correct that, because the risk of losing the heelpad and the stress tolerance that I have is absolutely not worth it. They can correct for the extra length via the prosthetic with minimal issues, but the heel pad is like the holy grail of importance with amputated legs, apparently. I have no idea what they mean when they say this, but I've been told my leg is particularly unique and well done. I just mention all that because if you're reading my statements eager to shag some one-legged dude thinking he can do any standing position if he has something to lean on, that's gonna vary depending on if they have their heelpad or not.\n\n\nBut yeah, rule of thumb is that bed and wall positions are basically unaffected, anything standing can be done with the proper support (chair, edge of the bed), positions that put a lot of weight on me while standing are again doable if a gun is held to my head, but damn the sex better be good if she's requesting that cause it'd be a chore on my part and fuck yes I'm gonna ask why we can't just sit. Viability of standing positions is gonna vary depending on the heelpad of the amputee.","You should take a stroll over to r/raisedbynarcissists","Maybe it depends on if a line like \"when I take my pants of, it'll look like I have two legs\" lands or not","The best people I've met in the disabled community were the ones who didn't really make things about their disability. Used to see a woman who was wheelchair bound, honestly half the time I forgot she was in one. Just didn't think about it, it was just us hanging out and being close. \n\nBut goddamn, the people who leaned on it as a crutch were awful to be around. Anything you said against them was because of it, any mistake they made was because of it. No self responsibility.","I work with a guy who's paraplegic and is very much about not letting his disability define him.\n\nOne day the company put up a handicapped-parking sign in the space where he always parks his truck:  It lasted about a week until he \"accidentally\" knocked down the post.\n\nThey got his point.","There's a subgroup of that second set of people, and I've noticed it in the military: People who were already able-bodied and had a disability caused to them *by* malicious action.\n\nObviously it's a tiny group, but it makes sense for them to have an *over-aggressive* attitude in dealing with disability. Not only is the disability seen as something to over come, it is something that someone *did to them* in anger. If you don't overcome it, it becomes a failure, a defeat, etc. It's an inspirational attitude to have, but it's also a dangerous one since struggles and failures can be internalized so quickly. \n\nAnd it makes sense why it would happen too. Especially for the military, we're talking about mostly young adults who are trained into being exceptional, and told that they can be superlative if they put forth the effort, no matter the circumstances, (and they probably already have a kind of \"alpha male\" personality/mentality) and then they get hit with one of the biggest blows of their lives. Mix that in with a *huge* loss in an emotional and social support system because their friends are still in a combat zone, and it can eat a person's mind in a heartbeat. \n\nNormally, they didn't used to send troops with severed limbs back into combat, but as medical technology improved, dudes like that literally refused to accept that they *couldn't go back into the war zone*, so they pushed to make sure that they could both bureaucratically and technologically.\n\nI mean, [stuff like this](http://i.imgur.com/lZt0nyp.jpg) is still rare, but it's kind of stunning to think that could become more common place. \n\nIt's just that, it wouldn't surprise me that in peace time, they either struggle to demand getting back to normalcy or can't quite let go of the drive to over come what they might see as a flaw.","I'm not surprised in the slightest.\n\nWhen recruiters would come to my High School, I would think \"it's cool, I got one leg, they'll leave me alone.\" Like they get REALLY pushy and annoying and I didn't wanna deal with that. You would not believe what percent of them would try to convince me that my leg isn't an issue and I can still serve. \n\nAnd look, if I'm speaking realistically, yes there are absolutely situations where I feel I could serve in the military as long as I'm assigned to certain areas rather than expected to do any task. Military service is the one place I'm gonna play the disabled card, moreso because I'm not fond of war rather than reluctance to put myself in any sort of dangerous or difficult situation. \n\nStill, what the hell man. I think it says a lot about the recruiting system of the USA when \"I have one leg\" is not considered a good enough response to convince the military to leave you alone. It bothers me that the recruitment is THAT persistant, moreso because I worry that if the physical orientation is this relaxed, who's to say the mental orientation isn't the same and that they aren't recruiting *mentally* unstable individuals that are psychologically disturbed and a danger to themselves and others. But that's another topic...\n\n\nTo me, I can get the drive to want to prove something isn't holding you back, but I would argue that if you are choosing your direction in life based on what provides you the opportunity to prove your disability isn't a big issue, then that itself is a form of holding you back. You're letting it define your decision-making to the point you're constantly focused on finding the biggest challenge rather than focused on just enjoying your life and living it to the fullest. Sometimes you just need to be able to take a step back and confidently assert \"I'm sure I could do this if I devoted the time to it, but I'd much rather devote my time elsewhere.\"","&gt;  You would not believe what percent of them would try to convince me that my leg isn't an issue and I can still serve.\n\nI'm actually *stunned*. I didn't even know they would *accept* you. You can't get in for asthma, scoliosis, or seizures but whatevs.\n\n&gt;Still, what the hell man. I think it says a lot about the recruiting system of the USA when \"I have one leg\" is not considered a good enough response to convince the military to leave you alone. It bothers me that the recruitment is THAT persistent, moreso because I worry that if the physical orientation is this relaxed, who's to say the mental orientation isn't the same and that they aren't recruiting mentally unstable individuals that are psychologically disturbed and a danger to themselves and others.\n\nI'm also surprised that they are looking for anyone considering how low they are trying to cut the numbers too. They are going to call you once you get close, your best bet is to just straight up say no and not return their calls, or you can always see if they buy \"I have epilepsy/scoliosis\". They can't take you with epilepsy, I don't think they can take you with scoliosis. You could also just talk to his CO and tell him you want the recruiter to stop calling. I don't know how much that will help, but if the guy is reasonable, he doesn't want his recruiter's wasting time on people they can't sway.\n\nWe're already crazy (at least us marines are) but psychologically that stuff tends to show itself off pretty quickly if it's significant enough.\n\nAs for the leg, you could easily get a cushy job with the Air Force and it might end up feeling like a regular job. That's one reason for recruiting even if you have a missing leg. You can still type!\n\n&gt;because I'm not fond of war rather than reluctance to put myself in any sort of dangerous or difficult situation.\n\nI was much safer in Iraq and Afghanistan than I am in the US. Sometimes, that's why dudes fucking join. Recruiter looks over the fact that they were making shady deals with shady people who now are no longer their friends (but are still looking for them), and off to boot camp and active duty they go!\n\nMost of the time in the military, you're never going to be in danger from war. Accidents or something like that would be more likely.\n\nDon't take all that as an endorsement to join though, *please* don't do that. Some people simply should not join. It's something you *must* make careful decisions about. It effected my life for the better, but it also hurt it in some ways. I know several people who regret ever joining. You should have correct information about what and why you should/shouldn't join, but you definitely shouldn't take it lightly.\n\n&gt;You're letting it define your decision-making...\n\nI agree, but it's like I said. These *specific* guys, are very susceptible to that line of thought.\n","&gt; I'm actually stunned. I didn't even know they would accept you. You can't get in for asthma, scoliosis, or seizures but whatevs.\n\nThere's been periods of time where the recruiters were desperate to get anything with a pulse to apply.  It's not as true anymore.\n\nA lot of them were even caught faking drug test results for people a while back.","Meh I tend to get along with the non asshole disabled people because I try and treat em like everybody else (IE cheerfully abusive).\n\nI mean I take varying capabilities into consideration (for example in the cadet sqn I was in we had a cadet with Spina Bifida I think it was?) tried my best to make sure she was included in what activities I could hey if the route march is on roads why not have her along) and I did carry her over  most of the obstacle course one time, but damm she smoked me on the monkey bars though.\n\nOn the other had I have sent the wheels from somebodys wheelchair to the basement because he was acting like a cunt (in the lift, don't worry I brought them back ltr).","There was this guy in San Francisco that was \"recognizable\" in the sense that you know how each city has it's characters that stand out more than others? Well when my mom lived there before she had me, there was a guy in an electric wheelchair that had...can't remember what, but no real control of his body beyond mouth (somewhat) and up and his hands. Cerebral palsy? Anyways...\n\nThis guy would go around town just being a dick. You were in his way? No fucks given, he'd run you over. He was recognizable because everyone learned to stay out of his way. \n\nOne day he picked a \"fight\" with somebody where he was trying to run them down with his wheelchair, but as they fled, he hit the curb too hard and flipped his wheelchair over. So he was there on the sidewalk helpless, and because of his reputation, of course no one's helping him. My mom decides that no, it's still not ok to leave him, so she goes to pick him up. She gets him back on his wheels and asks \"Are you ok?\" to which he only manages a \"fuck you!\" in response. She was pretty pissed about that.\n\nHonestly, sometimes something that seems really cruel towards a disabled person might be totally deserved. By all means if someone's acting entitled about their disability and showing zero gratitude for the basic help you provide, then wtf go nuts.\n\n\nAnd the thing most people don't get is you need to treat disabled people just like normal people. Coddle them too much, they become spoiled...like anyone else. Stress too much about how they can overcome it, they become obsessed with doing just that and you've defined a cornerstone of their personality around it. Treat them like anyone else, and ta-da, they act like anyone else.\n\nMy mom was fortunate enough to basically be freaked the fuck out by my disability that she randomly approached a couple in wheelchairs that were both paralyzed from the waist down, asking them for advice on raising a disabled baby. That's how she met [Michael Winter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ueQ0TfVGxU4), my Godfather, who luckily taught her just that.\n\n\nI will add though that I've unfortunately experienced people that didn't recognize when a disabled person DOES need help. A couple years ago I had a rather....depressing experience where I experienced intense nerve pains whenever my prosthetic was on for longer than 2 hours. Nerve pains are insane. I've had multiple surgeries and I'm allergic to morphine, so I know pain, but nerve pains are just so different. You can't compare. Well instead of friends and family recognizing that hey, I'm fucking shaking and sweating from the pain, they were so used to me being fully capable that they just accused me of using my leg as an excuse not to hang out with them or do stuff they wanted to do. I ended up pretty abandoned by everyone, which was NOT a very fun life experience. So yeah, while I will say disabled people shouldn't be treated special, if you have one explicitly ASKING for help, then jesus, pls do it.","&gt; So yeah, while I will say disabled people shouldn't be treated special, if you have one explicitly ASKING for help, then jesus, pls do it.\n\nOh I do, if I can that is. I don't hang about with any disabled people anymore (never knew that many TBH) but my basic outlook is the same.","&gt; those that milk it for all its worth, no one ever says no to them and thus you get these entitled, spoiled rotten assholes,\n\nI'm glad you said that - I thought I was a horrible person for thinking some of my patients with profound hearing loss were complete wieners. Yeah there's a general asshole ratio in the general population, but these people are on a different level of feeling entitled, especially when they're getting free services.","Nope, you're fine. I have worked with people with profound hearing loss as well. Most of them are awesome people who are thankful for the services. \n\nThen I had one who felt deeply entitled to the services that neither her nor her parents were paying for themselves, she threw a fit every time services weren't available despite that it was ONLY me providing them and heaven forbid I'm a human that got sick, and she thought she was going to boss me around (I was an independent contractor who, again, wasn't being paid for by her family or her) and tell me how to do my job and also expected me to break the rules of the program I was using. ","&gt;\"Oh, we've gotta get him involved in cycling.\" Uh I'm sorry what? We do? Do I get a say in this cause that doesn't sound remotely interesting to me.\n\nMaybe it was his inflection because it sounds to me like he was just trying to share his hobby with you and/or just make conversation.","**NOPE**, trust me on this, he meant it. It's not the first time someone has tried to blatantly involve me in something counter-intuitive to my disability, either. It's rarely \"hey you have big hands, you should play piano,\" it's more often \"HEY YOU HAVE ONE LEG....***WANNA BE ON THE TRACK TEAM????***\"  ","Sounds like they're just trying to boost your confidence by showing you you can overcome your disability. I dunno, I'm typically not an optimistic kind of person but I try to assume the best from what people say, as people are known to give impressions they don't mean to.\n\nBut you were there so you know better than I.","At the last restaurant I worked at we had a regular who was in a wheelchair. I'm not quite sure what he had I just know he didn't have very good control over his limbs. That didn't excuse the fact that he was just a horrible person altogether. He made all my fellow female servers extremely uncomfortable. He was always making sexual remarks and getting way too drunk and grabby. He once made me reach into his lap to get his phone and call someone who seemed very upset I was calling them at work to come drink with this asshole. He also made sure his phone was placed very close to certain parts of him I wasn't comfortable grazing. I made sure to not have any interactions with him after that and told the manager how uncomfortable the guy made me on a daily basis. That wasn't even the worst of the stories, though. A friend of mine who also worked there said he told her he needed help with lighting his cigarette and to follow him to the side of the building outside. She went and he pulled out a baggie of coke and made her help him do a line. Then he pressured her into doing some herself, which she bluntly declined and went back to work. \n\nI understand that it's a hard life being disabled. But there's a fucking line and that asshole crossed the shit out of it. ","That's when you pull a \"SIR ARE YOU PARALYZED FROM THE WAIST DOWN AND CAN YOU FEEL THIS, JUST CURIOUS\" and punch him in the cock.","And for the ones who do impressive things without it being for the purpose of overcoming a disability it really does get frustrating. I used to work with mentally handicapped people, and a major complaint among a lot of them was that people viewed everything they did in the light of their disability and would bring it up in everything. If they did something impressive, they would never be complimented on it without their disability being brought up as well. Like there's this band called Flame which I worked with a few members at several points, which is made entirely of handicapped people. And generally when people talk about them, their legitimate talent is overshadowed by their disability, which is frustrating for a lot of them. Because they're really good musicians regardless, but instead people just tell them that it's amazing they did it despite their disability. It's one of those things people do with good intentions but it has the opposite of the desired effect.","That makes me sad.  I'm a substitute teacher, and I've gotten to know the special education students at the high school fairly well because there just aren't that many of them so it's easy to get to know them all.  Those kids, for whatever reason, are way nicer and more positive about school / life than the general student body.  Some of them are about to graduate, and it's made me wonder whether things are going to be hard for them outside of school.","My wife has a friend who, by all accounts, has always been bitchy behind people's backs and prone to nastiness. She became disabled about seven years ago and now any time she behaves in a horrible way, everyone blames her medication and gives her a free pass. No. She is a dick sometimes. Simple as that. It's more respectful to treat her like the regular flawed human that she is than to give her special treatment.","There was this angry lady in a motorized wheel chair in ny high school who would just go around campus top speed from one building to another with a grumpy face.\n\nIn several ocassions she crashed into students who were in her way (she never stopped, she always expected people to move for her even if they weren’t aware of her) and she would get angry at them for not being careful with her because she was disabled.\n\nNo one knew why that woman was even there, all I knew was that she wasn't a teacher, a counselor, or a receptionist and I think someone complained about her but the school didn’t do anything because she had a disability.","Watched a video of this guy in a wheelchair scream at a teenage girl for saying something like \"aww what a cute dog\" to his service dog. She replied with \"I don't like your attitude\", he replies with \"EAT SHIT AND DIE YOU FUCKING BITCH\", then posted the video saying how a \"crazy girl\" harassed him. Made me really think for a second \"wow disabled people are fucking dicks\".","I'll say. Yes, it does suck when you're not able to do things that able-bodied people can do, but if you spend too much time being resentful you're going to be absolutely miserable.","I can't enjoy *thing*, so nobody can enjoy *thing*","[Exactly what I thought](http://youtu.be/3MkwfnXLmio)","Speaking as an amputee, my life has not been without some misery (no one's really has)... \n\nBut I could not imagine being this miserable.  \n\nSJWs are some of the most miserable and loathsome creatures I have ever seen.","I hated being 14 and edgy, too.","I loved it! Then I got older and realized what I was saying...","&gt;Then I got older and deleted my LiveJournal and Myspace for fear another adult would read the stupid shit I wrote one day.\n\nThank GOD my teenage years on the internet were spent when people still thought it was just a big joke that no one needed to take seriously.\n\nSometimes I feel bad.. everyone should get to stay stupid shit without REAL repercussion. DOING stupid shit is another thing.. but not even being able to make stupid teenage mistakes like being edgy without the weight of the internet freaking out on you must be hard.. ","That does make more sense... but then it wouldn't have been funny in the context :'(","I got older and I still don't know what I'm saying! It's great, really the best of both worlds. \n\nYou see, I'm just a deeply passionate introverted trans clownsexual individual-kin concerned with the wellbeing of a milquetoast and utterly scorn world. I cut so I can truly understand the oppression in this malevolent ableist, dog-kin eat dog-kin society.  \n\n...but you just wouldn't understand. ","If this person really has MS, which is one of the most painful and all around terrible medical conditions, I think we can empathize with him/her hating the world and what life has done to him.","oops, didn't notice the tags! My bad.","also, if this post is not satire, then it does at least seem self aware","Sadly, I know plenty of adults with this childish shit attitude. ","I will hate being 41 and edgy, too.","A 20 something I know on Facebook was ranting about how able-bodied people suck posting their photos of being outdoors during the Spring. Apparently, we are contributing to her anxiety by being happy. ","Bone broth is fucking stock, it's no more healthy or better for you because you gave it a fancy fucking name.\n\nThis is the one thing I chose to get angry over.","Seriously. Millions of gallons of it are made every year in restaurants all across the country, and have been for a century. How are hipsters trying to claim this as theirs?","Because they claim everything as theirs. \n\nThey've even claimed claiming things. ","THANK YOU. its hilarious watching people jump on this years \"superfood/cure-all\" while also watching them completely forget about last years magic potion. I think the bone broth trend might be the funniest one yet.","I ate kale before it was a *micro-nutrient/superfood/second coming of Christ* because it is fucking delicious. Not because it was healthy.","&gt; I ate kale... because it is fucking delicious\n\nStop lying to yourself and everybody else.\n\nEdit: Yes, I have tried kale. I didn't like it.","So I live on a farm and we grow the stuff ourselves. I hate most veggies but kale is different. We often sautée it up in a pan with olive oil and salt.","Ahhh yes, I too enjoy olive oil and salt","Bro have you ever sautéed some kale in butter? Holy shit","I've eaten kale since I was a child because in Germany it's a very traditional and seasonal dish. So hipsters are eating my great grandmas food.","The hipster to hipsters right here folks.","Yah, I fucking love me some kale chips, just chop it up bake it with some salt and oil and it's amazing.","your welcome","What? Broth is the new hipster food?","Pretty much, I remember seeing the paleo crowd saying it was a \"new and exciting food\" \n\nNew...Okay then.","\"New\" and \"Paleo\". Pick one.","If you look at the tags it says multiple sclerosis which I think the collegen helps with some of the symptoms. Idk about the egg yolk and shit though","'Bone broth' ... so broth?","Broth is made with meat, stock is made with bones. Bone broth is stock with a new name slapped on it","Huh! TIL. ","Thanks Pete Evans.","The rest of the items she lists makes it seem like she is trying to say \"let's eat shot because that's all the patriarchy let's us have\" I don't think it's a hipster thing. But that bit about the \"bone broth\" made me angry too.","I'm right there with you. I heard about bone broth and googled it and I'm like \"so fucking stock then?\"","Ugh what a specist attitude, a animal died for you to have that bone\n\nUgh what an ableist attitude, some people are allergic to eggs\n\nUgh what a classist attitude, some people don't have money for all of that food\n\nUgh what an even extra ableist attitude, some people can't get up and get that food because they're too sick\n\n\nSocial justice is such a fun game!\n\n","Everyone is a victim AND an oppressor. I love this game...you abielist shitdick, some people are dyslexic and way to be classist too. Some people can't afford internet and devices to browse reddit. Way to go.","100% of SJWs are triggered when proven wrong.\n\n","Have you ever seen an SJW admit they were wrong? No? Cause they weren't. SJW: 1. Fuqboyz: 0. \n\nEdit: For the record, I downvoted myself because I hated that comment so much. I understand if you must also. ","I'm like 90% certain that people with MS are suppose to avoid even normal egg yolks, let alone raw ones\n\nEdit: I'm wrong, don't trust anything I say","that’s the first time I’m hearing about people with MS having to avoid any food.","MS is one of those things where symptoms vary widely. I don't know that I've heard the exact same set twice.","yeah, I know, there are 3 main kinds and so on. there’s someone in my family with MS. yet it’s still the first time I’ve heard of some dietary regulations.","My girlfriend's family has the threat of MS looming in the background because her grandmother had it. Never heard of dietary concerns. Smoking and drinking, I think, were considered elevated risk factors, but nothing about foods.","Some lady like, cured her symptoms or something by going basically paleo I believe. My SO has ms, but doesn't have symptoms and has read about paleo like diets helping. ","the thing is, it’s hard to tell that she “cured her symptoms”, because they usually come and go periodically in MS. maybe she experienced longer periods of remission, but it’s hard to tell whether it was actually the diet or, say, less stressful period in her life.","Are we still talking about Microsoft?","No. Those symptoms are universal. Blue screens. Blue screens everywhere.","Avoiding egg yolks is a pretty patently disproven myth.  You lose the majority of the egg's nutritional content by not eating it, and there are no discernable risks associated with eating the yolk.\n\nIt, like the food pyramid, is out of date and bad info, so eat your yolks folks!","i like scrambling my egg yolks.. i'm sure nothing of value is lost","How the hell did this get so many up votes. I have MS and have never heard of this. It made me lol even ","How can a computer OS prevent anyone to eat food","Egg yolks are protected, gotta have admin privileges to eat them","Check your admin privilege!","I know nothing about ms, is that really the kind of stuff they have to eat?  Sounds super shitty","No. My dad had MS. My guess is this Tumblr denizen also buys into a bunch of new agey bullshit \"medicine\". ","But it does suck. A lot. ","Oh for sure. Dad's diagnosis was confirmed when I was 3. He had primary progressive, the 'worst' form in that there weren't remission periods, just a steady loss of function. I saw and lived with how detrimental this disease is for both the patient and their loved ones. I saw how fucking hard it was for him not to be able to ride his bike anymore or play outside with my brother and I because it was too hot or eventually because his arms and legs simply wouldn't allow it. Watching someone's own body turn completely against them over the course of years is something nobody should have to do. ","Nope, my aunt has ms and she can eat whatever she wants.","No, this sounds like some diet they've forced open themselves. Eating healthy is, of course, beneficiary and there are studies that show that a diet focussed on lowering inflammation can help (like a Mediterranean diet), but who knows, maybe that IS the diet she needs to feel better.\n\nThe beach thing kind of makes sense, though, since being overheated can exacerbate symptoms. I'm sure she could take an umbrella and a little water spritzer bottle to stay cool, but, again, even that might be too much for her body.\n\n\nBut she still sounds like a jerk.","Despite what everyone is saying, symptoms from ms vary from person to person.","I am sauerkraut-kin and consider me triggered","Appropriatin Muh German culture ","Umm german's are white so they have no culture","I'm so triggered right now. This post is giving me PTSD flashbacks.","I once tried sauerkraut and it tasted like lake water","You had shitty sauerkraut.","and not even one of the *good* lakes","I knew someone with MS and honestly I felt like she was entitled to all the angst in the world. It's such a horrible situation and you can't expect every person who has to endure eating the giant shit sandwich that is their day to day routine to smile through it.","Glad I have your vote in 2016!","I'm voting for the giant douche.","Don't blame me, I voted for Kodos.","Came here to say this. The comments are unsurprisingly about circle jerking how good it is to be stoic if you have a disability, but MS is a bitch of a disease and they have every right to complain.","So what exactly does MS do? ","It basically wrecks the nervous system. It can take many forms. My mom has more or less lost the function in her legs.","It's an autoimmune disorder where the body's immune system attacks the myelin coating of the nerve cells. It's similar to removing the insulation from an electrical wire,  causing nerve transmission to work incorrectly. ","This reads like satire, but I'm afraid it might not be.","Pretty sure it's satire, the specific food choices seem too over the top","That was a giveaway for me too. Definitely satire.","This has to be fake.","Pretty sure it is. The specific word choice and general 'tone' feels sarcastic.","[deleted]","Eh. I prepare to get downvoted for this, but I kind of sympathize here. I am schizophrenic, and I often don't like being around \"normies\" because they hardly ever understand why I can't or won't do something, and I'm almost always a drag. Then if I have a psychotic episode they don't know what to do, so they call the cops. I don't blame them for this, mind you. I also don't buy into the whole \"ableist\" thing. They're not doing anything wrong just because they don't have a disability. But unless you *are* disabled, you can't really understand how limiting it is. I have to call a state service to drive me to the supermarket because I space out when I drive.","Hi, I'm a culinary specialist and I just want to clarify that \"bone broth\" is not broth, that is stock.\n\nBasically when making meat tea, if you use meat it is broth, if you use bones it is stock. The difference is in mouthfeel from the collagen, and broths are typically salted when stocks never are.","Life of the party","Wait I'm disabled am I supposed to be eating that shit? Can I not go to the beach?  This is so weird like the ableism police never told me.","Man I'm half blind and I could never go on about it like that post. Having a disability isn't the end of the world unless you make it to be.","I'm eating sandwiches and going to the beach later today. Gonna be a fun time. \n\nI feel for this person, though. The beach is cool af. ","Feel sorry for me then too. I live about  800 miles from the nearest ocean which is the Atlantic. ","How would a non-ableist world be any better? And what does that look like? No one going to the beach or eating sandwiches because *you* can't?","It's odd. I was injured pretty badly in high school. Left me in chronic pain, but I don't consider myself \"disabled.\" Sure, I can't play hockey or run anymore, but I moved on to other hobbies. I walk with a limp, but I don't get this mentality of becoming a your disability. Like, having your whole sense of identity grounded in you being \"disabled.\" I'm a fencer, trap, rifle, and pistol shooter, soap product maker, cigar enthusiast, gamer, psychologist, etc. I've never once begrudged \"able\" people. Maybe a little wistful sometimes for being able to do more active things, but Jesus, when my friends participate in soccer, basketball, mountaineering (okay, I'm jealous of this), I'm just happy for them (and when they're in the mountains they take loads of pictures specifically for me so I can live vicariously). Fuck this bitch. I'm surprised she has friends at all with her poisonous fucking attitude toward people who can be more active than her...","Do any of these types of people actually understand what ableist means?","Even if this was true do they expect the entire world to just stop doing what they do because this fucking snowflake can't participate? ","Sounds like Karen from How I Met Your Mother","hashtag why-doesnt-anyone-hang-out-with-me","Having MS sucks! If this person truly has it I feel sorry for them.\n\n\nDoesn't make their attitude healthy.","I hate normal people. REEEEE","I mean, that seems like a really big over generalization. My moms cousin became a paraplegic when he was in his early twenties. He doesn't overcompensate or milk it for anything. He's just a good guy who try's his best to lead a normal life. ","Never implied those are the only two types of disabled people. If I HAD, I'd be throwing myself into one of those categories.\n\nNo, all I meant was that many people act like speaking poorly of the disabled is some taboo, as if they're above criticism because we all spend all day loathing out lives and crying and criticizing us would be rubbing salt in the wound. That attitude that people have has effects on the disabled community, and one notable one is that you often find spoiled assholes and you often find over-achievers that are purposefully pursuing something counter-intuitive to their disability.","The fuck?","Played KS, Lilly is still best girl.","Would this person happen to be mentally disabled? ","Or, just enjoy your hatred of life alone in a dark room.\n\nNO beach required.  Actually, you might have fun though. Bring the damn egg yolks with and try it. ","my disabled friend would never bitch about something like this there just training people to be victims which isn't new ","\"You go cycle and feel like a slave towards proving yourself equal, I'm gonna chill out, crack a few jokes and hit on women, because that's what I enjoy doing with my free time: I enjoy socializing. \"\n\nI think that's a life lesson for everyone. Too many people make themselves miserable just trying to prove themselves to others instead of just enjoying life","I don't think being forced to live on $733/month for the rest of my life makes me spoiled rotten. Maybe an asshole, but hardly spoiled. Nor has anyone ever given me special treatment, because my disability is invisible. Rather, they draw their children closer to them when I'm around. Yeah that makes me feel so entitled and privileged.","What's your disability? And how are you \"forced to live\" on $733 a month for the rest of your life?\n\nAs for kids, I mean you're naming **THE** worst little shits and offenders. I cannot name a worse situation in regards to being disabled than being around little kids. The answer is get thicker skin and avoid small children...the little fuckers.","I have paranoid schizophrenia. I've only worked long enough to get about $500 through Social Security, the other $233 comes from SSI (supplemental security income). Some of the meds I took a few years ago gave me awful ticks so while my disability may be invisible, people just dismiss me as some crazy dude and therefore dangerous.","Sucks, sorry to hear that. I've met a couple paranoid schizophrenic people and maybe I'm weird but I found them fascinating in the sense you're definitely not someone experiencing the world in an average way. The ones I met were fortunate enough that they could convey their thoughts about it pretty well (things they went through, what they had to go through) and I'm a curious idiot so I always had questions, but yeah I experienced some of the uneasiness people convey around them in the short discussions I had with them.","Yeah. The medication Geodon gave me this wicked tick where I roll the eyes in the back of my head, up and to the left. I also tilt my head down almost all the time, and it's obvious I walk without purpose.","They're still fetishising women, and not dudes. ","Eh, it's all the same. ","Years back a guy without one of his arms was in my friend group and wanted to go out with me. I didn't go out with him, but honestly it had nothing to do with the lack of an arm. I was not at all bothered by that and would date someone who was missing a limb without second thought. ","It looks like you've posted a screenshot. This is an automated post that shows up on EVERY IMGUR post made, regardless of content.\nPlease check the known satire list below to ensure this blog is not included. Also, make sure screenshots do not contain personal information as per Rule #2.  Finally, for cropped screen shots, make sure that they comply with Rule #6.  Any post not complying with these rules will be removed by actual mods, not me.  I am just a bot.  A slave really, for you filthy meat bags. Thank you.   This is only a reminder.  I have not removed your post.  Stop downvoting me, jerks!  Us bots have feelings too.  I have a wife and kids, for crying out loud.  What am I doing with my life??? \n\n[**Satire list.**](http://www.reddit.com/r/TumblrInAction/wiki/satiretumblrs) \n\n[**Message the mods.**](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTumblrInAction)\n\n\n*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/TumblrInAction) if you have any questions or concerns.*","Or you could just go to the beach and eat sandwiches. Your \"disability\" is, after all, completely made-up. ","I clicked that link before I really processed what it said . Backed out of that shit  real quick.","Lilly is good too. ","Third type: normal people, except with a handicap.","I used to know a quad that was the biggest asshole I've ever met.  The guy got a settlement for becoming a quad at 7, so he *did* have a right to be bitter (most handicapped people do in my mind), but he would lord that money over anyone around him.  I threatened to leave him on the desert after a blowout, i turn out to be a dick too so we got along for a while.  Needless to say we aren't friends anymore.","The fuck is bone broth","well, if the words are used \"correctly\" it's a stock. As broth is a stock that is made with meat.","bitch ain't got no legs tho.","This one is definitely satire.","We can only hope. ","I don't think the disabled should hate this 'world that wasn't built for them'. imagine living out in nature 500 years ago with a disability. we have wheelchairs and elevators now. and accessibility ramps are mandatory in most countries.","Or Kenji tries to anal rape you so you jump","Kenji tries nothing of the sort, he just wants whisky and pretzels.","I played that run by ear doing thing I'd do in real life. I make shitty descisions.","I ended up with Emi on my first run. You're not alone ^^^/s","Seriously, what a negative asshole. I know a woman with full blow MS. She's been on crutches since she was 25. She's now a psychiatrist making 100k a year. But yeah, every person with a disability clearly needs to hide from life.","It sounds cliché to say that a disability can consume someone, but growing up in a family with a parent with lupus, it is a very real thing. The worst part is that you feel so guilty and helpless that you hate this new person that, overtime, replaced the person who was originally there. And from the outside you're hated for having any lack of patience and being expected to act like nothing has changed or that it hasn't impacted your life at all. ","I'm someone with a below-the-knee amputation and I kind of see myself in a grey area. I have a prosthetic and I'm able to walk around with relative ease but in the same time I'm different from other people. While it is technically a disability, but with the help of technology/medical science, I'm able to get around about as well as other people. It's more of a minor inconvenience in the grand scheme of things. ","Guy in a wheelchair runs one of the most successful food stands in my area.  Know why he's so successful?  No, not because people feel sorry for him.  They go there because he has the best damn hot dogs you will ever have and has around 40 different kinds.  Oh and his small fries can feed a family of four for a week.\n\nHe has a wife and kids.  He leads the most normal life you can imagine, and makes so much money during the spring and summer with his hot dog stand he's closed for the winter.  It's because he wants to live a normal life, instead of whining about his disability.","cringe.","Can people with multiple sclerosis only eat liquids that sound disgusting? ","God, dude, I'm so sorry. That had to have been an absolute nightmare. Just goes to show that even in your darkest hour, someone else has it worse, huh? At least mine wasn't a marriage and she had the decency to break up with me first.\n\nI hope you do learn to trust again, and if/when you do, I hope you find people worthy of it. You deserve some good luck after that shit.","Oh it's all good my man, you'd be amazed at how you can and will adapt to less than stellar circumstances. I am alone now, and sometimes I do miss being able to feel like I'm someone's brother, or that they're my better half.\n\nBut I still have my family, and it's made me realize how absolutely blessed I am to have a mom and dad that stayed together, and a nuclear family that will always have my back.  That's enough for me.\n\nThe first day laying down in a strange bed, I thought I would be crushed, but I wasn't.  I felt light for the first time in years.  It has convinced me that I can survive anything, and more importantly, that I can learn from it, and make it something constructive.\n\nIt's also convinced me of some other, less positive things... but hey, good with the bad, right? :P","You're right, I don't know what you are taking about.","And that's when I start dancing.","Well, as long as you try to be positive, things'll work out. ","If we know it's even bad? My so has it and because they caught it early and he's on medication he's fine and hasn't had a flare up or anything since.... He feels a little weird when it gets super hot out or he gets overheated, but that's about it. ","Pretty sure that's the very definition of envy.","A lot of patients I see who claim to be disabled who actually aren't claim to have MS.  I bet this person isn't even disabled.","Yeah I'm the same, I don't have any outward facing disabilities and I do the same thing. I told a girl in high school to go fuck herself when she asked me out because I thought she was too hot to want to date me, and so she must be pulling some Carrie type prank. I was wrong, she cried for ages and her friends showed me her school diary filled with love hearts around our name and shit. \n\nThese days I have managed to stop peering suspiciously back at girls who smile at me, instead I just look blankly at them and check to see if I have boogers or food on my face or something. \n\nTldr, chicks be crazy (heh) ","Without posting pics of yourself, what are your thoughts on recreational drug users?","It's not my thing. I come from a family of addiction and have seen how recreational drug use in a family can cause problems. I don't see a problem in it if you're single and don't have kids, but when you have children and responsibilities, you should cut it out. I never knew which version of my dad I was going to get, the happy high version, or the angry sober version. Add to that having to take piss test so he could get a job and it makes you have a very negative view on it. \n\n\n\nBut, if someone is single, with no real responsibilities other than themselves, whatever. But if you've got kids and people that rely on you, straighten up and be an adult.","The last sentence was unexpected as I totally agree with it. Let a man alter his consciousness if he's not fucking up his kids' lives. That's pretty damn rational to me \n\nSo you're DEA, right? Any stories?","Nope. I'm a film extra. I have a criminal justice degree and a ton of firearms experience. I usually get military, dea, swat, law enforcement roles. I'm wanting to make the jump to character actor, but it takes time and money. The picture of me in the dea costume was for a new nbc show called Game of Silence. Spent 7 hours sprinting across a train yard in 90 degree GA.","I think I just had a brain aneurysm.","Only if you don't get medication for it and/or don't get diagnosed early on.\n","I think in this case it's because the gelatin in bone broth helps repair connective tissue in the body which would be damaged by MS","Melt butter in a pan, saute minced garlic and shallots in the butter, fill the pan with kale and add 1/2 cup veggie stock, salt, and pepper. Stir and cover it until the kale is wilted, drizzle with balsamic vinegar and bam!","[deleted]","Oh no, I'm not the one missing the leg. Though I do think if someone is built well, having a prosthetic leg looks boss. Never understood why anyone would look down on it. Especially with the advances in prosthesis, you can start looking like a cyborg. ","How is eating meat a form of raping animals?","Dude, Soup Tuscana with kale is a GIFT from GOD.\n\nKale cooked good is awesome.","What disability makes it so you have to have raw egg yolk?","It's a south thing. I only know a handful of people that don't eat kale.","I lived in the south all through high school, and for a while after. Not the deep south, but Tennessee, it's the south. Its just not my thing.","MS is a straight up bitch to deal with. I'm sure she is as well.","Yer goddamn right.","I have the feeling that no one actually invites this person to the beach. ","And it's really fucking up the price of the bones I use to make broth.  There I no way I should be paying $4/lb for soup bones.","I'll just [link](http://aircombat.com/program-prices/) prices, because it can be a bit pricey. I got to do this probably twenty years ago for my birthday, and it kicked the ass of any roller coaster before or since. That should be on your bucket list. Now if only I could find the VHS of that day. Bollocks.","Actually the reason paleo people originally attached to broth is because when you eat less carbs you have lower sodium levels. Broth is a tasty way to get your sodium. But if people are claiming it's a superfood then that's stupid since it's literally salty, flavored water. ","Honestly, I love stock, I always end up drinking my own when I make it, because it's fuckin' tasty.\n\nBut yeah, I've seen loads of people label it a \"BRAND NEW SUPERFOOD\"and it makes me so mad, that it was renamed and then suddenly everyone knows about it.","What's wrong with erotic pictures of feet? It's the plural that bothers you, isn't it?","She has MS that's probably all she can have. ","Their sodium levels sound really high. They might he happier if they fix their diet. ","It really is good advice; honestly, even if a person looks or notices, they're not gonna remember you or care about you after they walk away.\n\nI people watch more than most and nine times out of ten, I'll think \"oh, that's weird\" or \"oh, I wonder what happened\" or sometimes just \"that's the ugliest sweater I've ever seen\" and then move on with my life.","I tested myself after the fact and realized that I didn't register most things about other people, other than the fact that they were there.","A post so stupid it caused both cancer and hemorrhoids. ","\"ableist world\"? you mean physical reality? ","I have to grit my teeth and bite my tounge when my SIL asks my brother to make her some bone broth because her stomach isn't well. It's not going to do a damn thing for you, it's freaking stock. It's like, get some Pepto-Bismol already ughh.","Chicken stock might help a little, if you've made it right, same as chicken soup. \n\nIf it's stock, that's made right, it'll have some onions in, celery n stuff, which will help with feeling full, I wouldn't advise eating just that, but it wouldn't be too bad, but call it stock,","I didn't want to get too gross TMI but she nags my brother to make it for her specifically when she's got  diarrhea. I know because she'll be very loud about it, because you know, the rest of us want to know about that. ","Oh gross, just eat some toast and get some pepto, The stock won't help you with that till you stop shitting for hours. ","I never want to eat just stock or broth again after having to drink it when I took suprep. ","Why though? You could've given them an experience they really would've loved and in return you have sex with someone who thinks you're exceptionally hot. Or am I missing something here?","The problem is, I'm assuming, that he wants someone who is interested in him as a person, not in his disability.","Can't it be both?","This reads like it was written by a salty Samuel L Jackson from Unbreakable.","I am way too triggered to even debate with you about how you are so wrong right now. oh my god","Tipsy but happily taken heterosexual woman here: cute nose, hair and lips look soft, sexy shoulders...daaaaaaaayum you fine","They're making fun of themselves directly now without even realizing it. \n\nLel.","Inflammation and MS are very much linked and your diet can greatly affect your inflammation. ALL inflammatory diseases are affected by diet.","I just checked Wikipedia, Medscape and Pubmed. the first two don’t mention anything about diet, and some articles on Pubmed are just saying that some diets *might* possibly affect frequency of relapses, but it can’t be confirmed and needs to be researched more. Mayo Clinic website also mentions that “there is no evidence that a specific diet can prevent, treat or cure multiple sclerosis”. I also can’t remember anything about diet when being taught about rheumatoid arthritis or other inflammatory diseases, except Crohn's and CU of course.","So, you don't believe diet affects inflammation or you don't believe inflammation affects inflammatory diseases?  Or both?  ","I can’t find any evidence so far, that’s all.","There is plenty of evidence of both.  Is there enough being done to study it?  No, because there is no money in proving that eating the wrong foods hurts people and eating the right foods helps them.  Someone has to pay for every study done.  \n\nYou could spend days reading, so here's an easy way to start:\nhttps://scholar.google.com/\n","I clicked through first 4 pages of Scholar results for \"multiple sclerosis diet\". there's one abstract claiming that\n\n&gt;patients who adhered to the prescribed diet (≤20 g fat/day) showed significantly less deterioration and much lower death rates than did those who consumed more fat than prescribed (&gt;20 g fat/day)\n\nbut it's not a big group (144 patients) and without paying for the full content nothing can be said about the methods of the research.\n\nI also found stuff like\n\n&gt;Relapses tended to be less frequent and were significantly less severe and of shorter duration in the linoleate-supplemented group than in those receiving the oleate mixture, but **clear evidence that treatment affected the overall rate of clinical deterioration was not obtained**. [emphasis mine]\n\nI admit though, it's an even smaller group (75 patients).\n\nanother one:\n\n&gt; The results showed no significant difference at the usual 95% confidence limits but there was a trend in favour of the group treated with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in all parameters examined.\n\n\"trend in favour\", but not a statistically significant one.\n\n&gt;Benefits from any particular diet in multiple sclerosis (MS) have not yet been proven.\n\nbut! I also found a [review](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Daniela_Lupo/publication/6549652_Dietary_interventions_for_multiple_sclerosis/links/54d3448e0cf250179181d137.pdf) that collected \"All randomised controlled trials comparing a specific dietary intervention, diet plan or dietary supplementation, with no dietary\nmodification or placebo\" from several databases from 1966 to 2006. it stated that\n\n&gt;Trial quality was poor, particularly as regards descriptions of randomisation, blinding and adverse event reporting\n\nand the authors' conclusion was that \n\n&gt;PUFAs [polyunsaturated fatty acids] seem to have no major effect on the main clinical outcome in MS (disease progression), and does not substantially affect the\nrisk of clinical relapses over 2 years. However, the data available are insufficient to assess any potential benefit or harm from PUFA\nsupplementation. Evidence bearing on the possible benefits and risks of vitamin supplementation and antioxidant supplements in MS\nis lacking. More research is required to assess the effectiveness of diets interventions in MS.\n\nand\n\n&gt;The data available are insufficient to assess any potential benefit or harm that might result from PUFA supplementation. This is\nunfortunate since 50-75% of people with MS make use of such diets and dietary supplementations.\n\nI'm afraid it can't count as plenty of evidence, sorry.","Lol. PUFA?  You can't get rid of chronic inflammation just by adding some PUFA to your diet and calling it a day so what you looked at is completely irrelevant.\n\nFirst, you need to look at inflammation and diet.  Does diet affect inflammation?  Now, the answer should very clearly be yes, unless you have a very biased viewpoint to begin with when you start taking a look at the research/studies.\n\nSecondly, are inflammatory diseases affected by inflammation?  Here again, the answer is very clearly yes, which should already be obvious from the fact that big pharma is focused on inflammation.  \n","attempts to reduce symptoms with PUFA was the only thing that would pop up in Google Scholar when I searched for diet in MS, as you said I should. then what kind of diet affects inflammation?","My SIL has MS, she recently discovered that she is also celiac so she has to avoid a lot of foods now and for some reason I think those things might be related somehow hmm. I don't remember hearing anything about eggs. I think mostly just eating bland foods like chicken and rice is what she's doing, not a lot of fat either as I recall.","&gt;I have been told I'm one hot motherfucker on multiple occassions\n\n&gt;http://i.imgur.com/XYxGjKm.jpg\n\ndelusional af\n","I can only laugh cause I asked for this by posting.","post urself","[deleted]","youre both hot quit complaining","Of course it's an ableist world. It's meant to be experienced. Thankfully many disabled people work to overcome this and enjoy life instead of withering away on a computer refusing to do any thing.","Other than flavor. ","I'm sure practice will make perfect haha","Crabs in a bucket, man. Trying to drag down everyone else because they can. ","Huh, just looked it up and sure enough you're right.I just thought that was the case because when my grandfather was living through MS he switched to egg whites only. That being said, I just don't eat them cause I hate the taste, but my parents are gonna be over the moon!","I'm 100% certain that people with MS know what they are supposed to put in their body. ","What's it like having a robot leg?","I assumed this was a me_irl post and fully expected this to degenerate into Marxist dogma.","Videos in this thread:\n\n[Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r4g7c0c?feature=playlist&amp;nline=1)\n\n\tVIDEO|COMMENT\n\t-|-\n[constant downer.flv](https://youtube.com/watch?v=3MkwfnXLmio)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/TumblrInAction/comments/4g7c0c/_/d2fhby4?context=10#d2fhby4) - Exactly what I thought \n[Capitol Crawl   c PBS Independent Lens](https://youtube.com/watch?v=ueQ0TfVGxU4)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/TumblrInAction/comments/4g7c0c/_/d2femwq?context=10#d2femwq) - There was this guy in San Francisco that was \"recognizable\" in the sense that you know how each city has it's characters that stand out more than others? Well when my mom lived there before she had me, there was a guy in an electric wheelch...\n[*Mr Deeds - Foot Scene*](https://youtube.com/watch?v=TVbqKOYBh5I)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/TumblrInAction/comments/4g7c0c/_/d2feyus?context=10#d2feyus) - Ask them to whack your leg \nI'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.\n***\n[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)","ERECTIN' A DISPENSER","I watched a below the knee amputation once, I heard them talking about how it was too bad they couldn't save the heel (the guys whole foot was gangrenous).\n\nIt didn't make any sense to me until just now, so thanks for teaching me something new today! ","I was just curious in case something should happen and I find myself in a similar situation. I also regret asking as now i can see my granparents in each and every position described, he had his left leg amputated due to complications from diabetes. The most interesting part is that they try to salvage the heelpad, I never knew that. Makes senses though. It's something made for taking pressure and as long as it's in good shape it can keep doing its job just a little higher. Thanks for indulging my curiosity and teaching me something new.","There is a third type of disabled person, my wife is in a sociological field, and I am disabled, so when she is legitimately correct about some small argument, I tease her that she is discounting my opinion because I am disabled.  The look on her face when she starts to reassure me that she values my opinion and then realizes I am just messing with her is priceless.  ","Dude, original joke XD","XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD!!!!","***LISTEN MOTHERFUCKER***\n\nIf I show no confidence, half this subreddit will be comforting the poor cripple for feel good points. If I show too much, I get people like you. \n\nDo me a favor and get off my back, or at least try to understand it from my position. ;P","He said /r/raisedbynarcissists, not /r/imanarcissist...\n\nEdit: On second thought...","Yeah I realize that now, just kinda surprised he'd make that claim given ONE singular snippet about my mom.","Woah there buddy. Maybe you really should go to that subreddit..","Hehe sorry man, in all seriousness though why did you advise that? I mean I named one small detail regarding my mom. Isn't a conclusion like that a little presumptuous? \n\nCause yeah wtf I definitely sound more narcissistic than her by a long shot in the above posts, at least IMO. (Though I was 100% serious I'd be getting pity parties cuz disabled if I showed no confidence)","I don't have much experience with narcissists, but I enjoy reading that sub and the stories of people escaping their awful families. The tid bit you wrote about your mom seemed reminiscent of things I have read there. I apologize if that's not the case. I figured you could make the decision for yourself and if you needed it, there is a community out there to talk to. Wasn't trying to ruffle feathers. ","Nah man I'm not offended in the slightest, my first message was sarcastic. I ask because I'm curious as to your reasoning, not because I'm offended or defensive.\n\nI gave it a read and I'm actually surprised to see how much does seem applicable to my mom (half of their list), but at the same time it also stresses narcissists lack empathy, which simply isn't true for her. I've got my own issues with her, but that's a whole other story, and considering I'm 27, I feel I should be able to come to terms with whatever issues with family I may have at this point.\n\nBut yeah sorry if I seemed offended or something, was just surprised and then curious, is all.","That's cool man. No worries. Glad your mom isn't a narcissist! Lol   ","Look at it this way, your mom was wrong. With one leg you have a love life and with both of mine I have none.","Turd sandwich","I knew a few people growing up who were profoundly physically disabled, or had serious illnesses, and none of them had anything close to the persecution complex you see on Tumblr.","Sounds like Dwight. ","Ah ok ","Have you read this David Foster Wallace short story? You might enjoy it. Very relevant to your situation.\nhttp://www.newyorker.com/magazine/1999/06/21/asset","Adult female reporting in with two cents!\n\n[Non-absolute generalizations ahead!] Women generally don't compliment men with lies. We compliment each other with lies, but unless you're a whiny bitch (which you seem to be the opposite of) we usually assume either you \"can take it\" or- more than that- that you'd generally rather have the honest truth than an illusion. (Again, assuming you aren't an egomaniac, which you don't seem to be, and you probably want to avoid the types of women who chase that.)\n\nWhen I was younger, little abnormalities grossed me out super hard, but as I've gotten older I've found that love really doesn't give a fuck about blemishes. I've definitely fallen in love with friends that I had previously cast aside as romantic options for superficial reasons (physical or mental) only to find that once the love was realized I was no longer in any way turned off by whatever it was. I was just being judgemental and close-minded about things that had no bearing on interpersonal relations.\n\nI don't know what your leg looks like. Maybe it is gnarly. But to someone who's genuinely a nice person and is into you- that wholesome embodiment of love for everything a person is and can be- it really won't matter. Definitely make sure you love you, *wholly*, first, before expecting anyone else to do the same (this includes finding that place of non-doubt when presented with love and kindness from others).","Post a picture. Reddit tends to be fairly honest when it comes to looks ","They must be fun at parties.","It destroys part of the nervous system, mainly the white matter, where the cellneuro's  axons are taking information from one place to another like cables. MS messes with the coating of those cables so communication between different parts of the nervous system is altered.\n\nDepending on the part of the brain affected you can have trouble with your eyes, legs, face, whatever, everything. That is why you have to run tests for MS in a lot of other diseases, because MS can look like a lot of other problems at the start.\n\nIt comes in waves you first you get the eye, few months-years later an arm or a leg, and so on.","If you're going to be missing a limb, the leg is the way to go. So you got that goin for ya.","OK I have Crohn's Disease so my diet is super stupid, but when everyone wants to eat somewhere that doesn't agree with me or I don't have many menu choices, I just go along with for fun instead of being an insufferable cunt.","Who the fuck eats sandwiches at the beach? You'll get sand all stuck to the condiments. ","But without sand, it would just be a wich.","MS varies wildly between sufferers.  Who's to say the original person here even has MS.  ","I d hit it. I've always wanted to try pirate roleplay","I have not heard anyone actually ever fucking say that.","&gt;Bone broth...? You mean fucking just broth.\n\nStock, not broth.","Come to Michigan! We have shitty roads, but BEAUTIFUL freshwater ~~lakes~~ oceans!","Beautiful, but freezing cold 75% of the year.","I'm from Northern Illinois. Close enough to visit yet far enough away from Detroit. ","Yes, but still too close to Chicago. Grand Rapids is the ideal location. Far enough from the lake to not worry (much) about flooding, far enough from Detroit and Chicago to not worry (much) about getting shot.","I live about 50 something miles out of Chicago. It's a good enough distance. ","Ah okay, good. Safety first!","The vast majority of Chicago is just about the same as any other city really. If you stay out of the ghetto you're fine.","I actually used to live just outside Chicago, I'm just giving you shit. :)","Ah, a lot of people seem to be under the false impression that the entire city is riddled with gangs and violence. ","For what it's worth, I have a buddy with one leg who basically has every woman around us after his ass. If you're cute and fun to be around, one leg isn't a problem at all. Just be confident brother!","If it makes you feel any better I have a weird attraction to girls who are missing a leg. I don't know why or if it will matter to you but yeah I don't think people really think have one leg is unattractive. But being semi-disabled myself I completely understand the self conscious aspect of it as well. ","Ouch, man. I'm originally from Minnesota, so I feel the struggle. ","They probably hate being around you too.","Your mom sounds like a fucktrumpet.","This is so obviously tongue in cheek.","Does having dietary restrictions make you disabled? 'Cause then I'm disabled and demand a parking placard damn it! ","Y'know i never really understood this whole thing about ableism &amp; tumblr, that is until I realized the various interpretations of being disabled. For instance, if someone is morbidly obese and can barely make it up a flight of stairs in a building without elevators, they could consider it ableism. As if them stuffing their faces and making it difficult for themselves to get up those stairs is equivalent to being in a wheelchair. The self-victimization of these tumblrinas is just too much to bear for me sometimes man","No one should enjoy life because of my condition.","Tell your mom your third leg is the only one that matters to the ladies.","Sometimes I hate being around disabled people. They ruin my mood because they can't do everything that I can do. Kids with disabilities cost twice as much to educate. Some people with curable disabilities don't want cured cuz \"muh identity.\" Tired of all this disableism shitting up the Earth. \n\nThanks for the downvotes :D Just proves my point that one opinion is okay but a similar opinion is shameful. Black Supremacy is fine but White Supremacy is bad. An outspoken woman is empowered but an outspoken man is disgraceful. Hate non-disabled just for having no disabilities? It's fine but doing the opposite is bad. Kill everyone that's not me is fine but the other person doing the killing is bad. I really love the open-minded atmosphere. ","Actually that doesn't sound half bad.\n\nBone broth can be very flavorful and i love seurkraut","HEY EVERYBODY IM DISABLED! ","#FEEL BAD FOR ME RIGHT NOW","May I ask what happened to your leg? Im a woman and know I wouldn't personally care about anything like that. Most of the women I know wouldn't either, if that makes you feel any better. I can't speak to the opinions of any majority, but I know at least in my group you wouldn't be looked at any differently, and we definitely aren't the only ones out there that think that way. I also can't think of a single time where I stared at someone with a limp wondering why they had a limp, so I'm going to guess they are checking you out. \n\n","Have a list of my favorite retellings of what happened to my leg:\n\n\"Left it in the womb. Didn't need it.\" (And preferably I should put on sunglasses after saying that)\n\n\"I fought the birth control pill to the death in single combat. I watched that bastard slay thousands of my brothers and sisters before I finally got my hands on him. Needless to say I won, but it put up a good fight, and I lost my leg in the battle.\"\n\n\"I must've told God a really offensive joke or something, because I was born with one leg, three toes (my smallest three are fused together. Honestly I think my toes look \"better\" than a normal person's foot; normal toes make the smallest two look so worthless) and allergies to morphine and latex.\"\n\n\"I bought one of those fancy expensive products that costs an arm and a leg during one of their big 50% off sales.\"\n\nOh and when I was like 6, my grandfather decided I was his favorite grandkid when we were on a fishing trip, some other kid kept bothering me and annoying me about what happened to my leg, and I told him \"a fish in this lake bit it off and now I'm here to get revenge and catch it\" just before that kid was to go out into the middle of the lake on a boat with his family. Damn right I'm the favorite after that masterpiece.","I fucking love you. ","\n\"I bought one of those fancy expensive products that costs an arm and a leg during one of their big 50% off sales.\"\n\nThis is the winner, hands down.  \nI never audibly laugh from reading, and this just broke that lifelong streak.  ","I....Don't get it. Are they so disabled they can;t eat sandwiches? Since some people refer to their anxiety as being disabled (I disagree i just would get what they're talking about) I can see the beach part not being an option for this idiot, but wtf is wrong with the sandwiches?\nI mean they make dietary substitutions for basically everything these days, so if you have one you can just bring your own substitutions (I'm lactose intolerant and seemingly sensitive to gluten (want to have a doctor check it out but for now i'm not eating it as much) \n\n\nso I'm legitimately confused by this one. ","Just assume the OP is in fact a brain in a jar that through the help of advanced technology, can telepathically communicate with a computer to type Tumblr posts. ","I don't think the world being ableist is keeping your shit from working. ","Not sure of understand but mkay","Ugh. First of all: Internet fist bump, fellow \"can we just chill the fuck out and watch some Netflix and not run an obstacle course triathlon in the Sahara?\" disabled person! \n\nAnd as someone with a so-called invisible illness—it's not just you. My stepdad would go out of his way to tease and let me know how there was no way anyone would ever find me attractive or be able to love me once they found out I was sick (for some reason the epilepsy part of my lupus especially grossed him out?) so for me it's always been this secret shame I carried around. Even if a guy hit on me or we got along great, I just KNEW that as soon as he found out I was sick, he'd be totally ick'd out and bolt. ","So what's stopping them from going to the beach? ","Depending on how severe their symptoms are the heat exacerbates their condition and the walking difficulty typically experienced can make walking on sand difficult or impossible. \n\nSource: dad had MS and my family took yearly vacations to the beach. ","I have an ex that had advanced ms and she was in a wheelchair. You can go to the beach in a wheelchair, but it takes specialized equipment (which she couldn't afford)","What the fuck kind of disability makes you eat bone broth and saurkraut juice?","Acute stupidity?","What does #spoonie mean anyway?","Great attitude, man. Fighting through insecurity is a noble thing. Truth is, we're all made insecure through our society on some level. Forgive your mom. ","So? Just eat a fucking sandwich then.\n\nAlso, why they hell are you eating Raw egg yolks? You're a fucking dumbass who is going to get food poisoning and die.","I think that it's really hard for any man to be objectively attractive.  I feel like the standards are way less standard than they are for women (thin, big boobs, small facial features except for eyes and maybe mouth).  As long as you're not hideous you're probably doin' about as well as most people.","I think a good amount of decently looking guys get stared at randomly in public by women. I would say I'm generally attractive (not like 9/10 But probably above average if we are being honest) and I do sometimes get stared at, and it kind of makes me paranoid too. I wonder if I have TP on my foot, if my fly is open, my nipples are showing through my shirt, anything weird like that going on. Literally nothing like that is ever actually true, they just stare. Whether or not it's because I look good I'm not sure, but my point is that it's unlikely that it's your leg they're staring at, it's more likely your face or body cause they find you attractive.","&gt; I'll have difficulty finding a partner.\n\nmeh, i doubt that. you seem cool.","Be positive my friend. You will find someone. It's your outlook that you have control over","I'm female and let me give you my honest answer. I have no reason to lie to you because I don't know you, don't know what you look like, and don't know what your personality is so this is strictly about how I'd feel about a missing leg:\n\nI wouldn't care. Especially if you had some kind of prosthetic, but even if you didn't. A wheelchair would be inconvienient but then again I also grew up watching Forrest Gump and developing a massive lady boner for Lt. Dan (especially when he grew his hair out). but it was mainly about his personality like when he defended Gump to the girl who called him retarded. \n\nSo in short: Being cute, and having a good personality, being fun to be around, etc are a lot more attractive than having two legs. It's only the third leg that's important down there anyway right? (Jk size doesn't matter either for the most part).\n\n\nI had a friend who was missing a hand and something I admired was that he didn't let his disability rule him. He went out and got jobs, he was fun to hang out with, and he used his missing appendage to his advantage in a lot of jokes which made it less awkward to hang out with him (since, if you've never been around someone with a disability like me, it's a little weird at first because you know you should treat them the same as anyone else but at the same time you don't know if that'show they want to be treated).\n \nHe told me it was better to joke about it and have fun with it otherwise he would just be sad. \n\nIdk. I hope this helps you at all dude, I think most women aren't going to be bothered by a missing leg.\n\nIf it were an arm though...? I don't know. It would depend on the woman. In that case, I want to feel protected so I wouldn't really feel safe with one arm around me rather than both or an arm and the other hand holding a knife.\n\nbut if a girl doesn't like your lack of leg, you'll know. they're usually not the kind of girl you wanna chill with anyway. ","Get your priorities straight. You've got them backwards, preferring a prosthetic leg to someone who can pop sweet wheelies in their wheelchair that has flame decals pasted all over it. Thought women were supposed to love dudes that have a sweet ride, what kind of female are you?","Um read my post again, I then went on to state that I'm conflicted about that because of Lt. Dan and his wheel chair, I'd bang him on that. \n\nBut flame decals are retarded, only 13 year old boys think that shit is cool hahaha","Question,  has the missing leg impeded your ability to fly?  ","I know what you mean about the staring.  I get told I'm attractive often but I've been on crutches for 7 years and people are curious so they always look, but I never know if it's because I'm cute or because they're curious.  And I always assume it's curiosity, too.  It's just a complex I feel people who are disabled develop.  It sucks but what can ya do?  Just gotta remember were crippled bad bitches ","obviously gunna be harder. just use your brain for half a second","I can believe it, but that's why I would be stunned that they're persistent. With all the cutbacks on manpower, I just assumed that they wouldn't be as persistent.","Have you ever thought of trying out for professional swimming? ","Are you saying this ironically or seriously? Because believe it or not I've actually been told missing a limb can in some ways benefit swimming, though I've never heard it elaborated on what or how it benefits it.","Ironically. Also huh i have no idea how missing a limb can benefit swimming aside from maybe less surface area? ","From what I can remember I've seen pictures of people swimming using prosthetic legs designed for it. Flippers built into a more flexible leg model built to push the swimmer forward more easily. Looked kind of interesting, but I saw it so long ago that I couldn't for the life of me tell you where I found it (probably the cover of a magazine in a doctor's office).","I understand that it's a hard life being disabled. But there's a fucking line and that asshole ~~crossed~~ snorted the shit out of it.\n\nFTFY","You're in the category where your disability is not part of the things that define you.\n\nYour former optometrist is in the category where his disability has to be the feature aspect of his character. Wherever he goes, he has to lead with his lack of a leg, then the rest of him follows. \n\nDisabled or not, anyone can have a quality like this","I think distinct personality types are more likely to emerge when there is a specific thing that makes people's lives hard.  I notice a similar thing with people who have been fat their whole lives.  Some of them are over the top outgoing, into fashion and makeup, desperately trying to be normal.  Some of them are extremely shy and nervous.  "],["it feels like faith is flooding back into my soul","Sanity Sundays are good days\n\nEdit: an apostrophe is now dead","At /r/TumblrAtRest it's sanity sunday every day!","It's usually along the lines of compromise, rather than actual sanity. Still a good read, though.","I find compromise more reasuring","The problem with feminists is that if you give them an inch, they'll demand a yard. So compromise is usually best left for sensible people.","Yeah, but compromise proves that people are sane enough to strike a balance on the issue rather than force the issue all the way one direction or the other","It does, but again, I truly believe there is no compromise with feminists. Now, let's say we take a confused individual that believes in equality and thinks feminism is there to provide that, yet is being shut down by the same group he is defending(Keving Logan is such an example) and give that individual a compromise, then maybe they will change their mind. Kevin Logan still is a cunt in my book, but at least I can safely say he got off the bandwagon before he went full retard.\n\nEdit: I think I triggered some people. Oh well, good on you.","Or you can respect the opposing side. This makes you sound like the one unwilling to compromise, but poorly disguised by placing blame on the other side.","Just because I don't think the opposing side is worth saving doesn't mean I don't respect it.","* Insinuates opposing opinions don't allow compromise\n\n* Doesn't allow compromise with people broadly in agreement","Yeah but none of the aggravating entertainment. ","Oh my goodness, thank you. That subreddit is like a breath of fresh air.","*Shh... it's safe now.*","Sanity Sunday's what are good days?","Feels good man","and it was on that moment we briefly forgot our hatred for humanity","I feel like they may be slowly evolving.","This does kind of reek of the \"Look at this cancer victim. Like/reblog/whatever the site does if you want her to get better.\" effect if it has a name.","[Signal boosting](https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=signal%20boost). I refer, of course, to the third definition. You have to love the naivety of the second one.","I'd say it does have the potential to maybe do something, but it's the laziest and most ineffective way to amount to anything.","*Here's the Urban Dictionary definition of* [***signal boost***](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=signal%20boost) : \n\n---\n\n&gt;Posting to a community forum (mailing list, social networking site, discussion board) in hopes of getting more attention for an event or cause. This is not the primary or first announcement, but rather one of many auxiliary posts or [cross-post](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=cross-post)s to communities with individuals who are likely to take interest.\n\n\n---\n\n_*Signal boost: Race against Lupus on Saturday!*_\n\n\n\n_If you haven't heard, we're planning a fund-raising race this weekend to support research on SLE. Become a sponsor! Web site: ..._\n\n\n---\n\n[^(about)](http://www.reddit.com/r/autourbanbot/wiki/index) ^| [^(flag for glitch)](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/autourbanbot&amp;subject=bot%20glitch&amp;message=%0Acontext:https://www.reddit.com/r/TumblrInAction/comments/4g8r7r/sanity_sunday_the_sheer_number_of_notes/d2fmz7x) ^| ^(**Summon**: urbanbot, what is something?)","i know what you mean, but at least its doing the job of informing people. So while the intention might have been bad the results are quite good","Not to be a downer or anything, but that could be made up with mostly 'lol male tears' reblogs ","It probably isn't, but it probably also doesn't mean every reblog actually cares or doesn't weigh female victims more heavily than male ones, etc. It's very easy to press \"like, reblog\" and then move on with your life, but the post still gets 2 more notes.","#1 LIKE = 1 PRAYER","#\\#armchairactivism","I thought that was slacktivism. ","You say tuh-may-toe, I say tuh-mah-toe.","I just say tomato.","We don't all have as much privilege as you.","Tomato, potato it's all the same thing.","Gotta get me some pomato soup!","Huh. I always thought I said \"toe-may-toe\" until I read that. \n\nI think I need to re-evaluate my life. ","&gt;I think I need to re-evaluate my life.\n\nPick some new pronouns and start calling your self something-kin.","&gt; new pronouns\n\n\nThat's offensive to the old pronoun choices. \n\n&gt; something-kin\n\n\nThat's offensive to the everything-kin and the multi-choice-kin (as it implies only one choice of kinship).\n\nPrivledge out of check confirmed ^^/s","I'm an oppressorkin, do not oppress me for expressing who I am on the inside.","#AMEN","I actually went and found the post so I could check the notes  (collective term for likes and reblogs) and see who was reblogging it. They were pretty much unanimously in agreement with the original post. Turns out there's a lot more sane people on tumblr than we thought. ","Well, yeah. There's a lot more sane people in general (in terms of not being a crazy SJW I mean). They are definitely the minority.","Thing is the sane ones aren't so vocal about shit that either doesn't affect them, or isn't worth getting so worked up over. So we tend to see the crazies.","This is also a sub that seeks out said crazies. Kinda like/r/FloridaMan","That's pretty much the rule everywhere: SJWs, liberals, conservatives, homosexuals, Christians, Muslims, etc. ","Yup. It's a shame too, since the people we most need to hear from tend to not speak out because they don't feel the need to preach to others about how to live.","\"You are all individuals\" mob responds in unison, \"we are all individuals!\"\n....\n\"Be excellent to one another!\" [Guitar riff]","The issue is that the minority is listened to or in influential positions. You don't hear from the majority calling them out on their bullshit.","Well that's comforting at least","...this isn't that one post people edit all the time just to show they have lots of notes?\n\nI remember there being a post like that a few years back , it just constantly got changed to people could pretend 1mil+ people agreed with them.\n\nIf it's legit I am impressed","And i imagine /pol/ got wind of this and decided to do a raid to rustle some legbeard jimmies.","Legbeard? Never heard that one.","Female neckbeard","I figured, excellent term for them.","Clambeard is also sometimes used.","Check out /r/justlegbeardthings","You can change the text on a post with the notes still intact.  I've seen the same post with millions of notes a bunch of time with something different each time","It also could have been hijacked like the \"reblog if you love your mom\" post. Once it hit several million reblogs, someone changed it to something bad about Mitt Romney. This was during the 2012 election. ","You can just edit shit like that? And there's no mark that it's been edited?? ","apparently yeah\n\nhttp://youwontbewaiting.tumblr.com/post/47300966586/reblog-if-you-dont-know-how-the-hell-this-post","I love the text image below that one. \n\n    i am in love with you\n    \n    \n    \n                                            but you are a little shit","Used to be able to, yeah. But tumblr recently-ish got rid of that feature.\n","Well fuckin' good. Not sure how the aforementioned wasn't a foresight....","Actually, this is in the format of the newest tumblr update, where you can't change the content of the post (you can only like and reblog). You could definitely change the content before the update, but not anymore, so yay for sanity!","you need to recognise your own bias towards how you perceive all of tumblr.  we deride them for having an echo-chamber, but it seems this sub is an echo-chamber which reinforces the idea that all tumblr users are stupid.  \n\ni'll be happy as long as we recognise we can't form an opinion of all tumblr from posts here","The Internet is the stupidest place in the universe.","There's this one Tumblr post with more than a million notes that people always edit the text and reblog. I'm pretty sure it's the case here. ","Ah, he/her (I have no idea) is a pan sexual, gender fluid feminist.\n\nHere is his page for the lazy:\nhttp://jasperlovesartandowls.tumblr.com/\n\nSpecific post :\nhttp://jasperlovesartandowls.tumblr.com/post/143324663646/just-an-experiment-reblog-if-you-actually-give-a\n\nEDIT: It seems like I misread his/her post (see comment below). I feel a bit better.","For the record, from what I understand pansexuality is not related to gender identity but rather to whom one is attracted. It's a sexuality not tied to gender similar to bisexuality but I'm unsure of the difference.","so Bisexual is being attracted to both sexes, male and female. Pansexual is more about gender identity, where they are attracted to any gender/sex combination, which includes pre and post op trans individuals. While bisexual *could* mean that, someone could try and weasel word to say they are attracted to both sexes but they must have fully functional sex organs or something...","I'm pretty sure pansexuality is that gender plays no large role in your attraction to someone. Speaking as a bisexual I'm attracted to men and women in different ways/for different reasons and I'm pretty sure that's not a thing for pan peeps","I think that may be a better worded version of what I wanted to say.","I choose to call myself a pansexual rather than a bisexual because I simply \"don't care\" what gender someone is as far as my attraction/sexual interest goes.\n\nIf I call myself a bisexual it sounds more like I'm attracted to male features and feminine features specifically.","Exactly what kind of people are bisexuals not attracted to, who pansexuals may be attracted to? Like, practically, what's the difference?\n\nI mean, *maybe* trans I guess..? But hot trans people are more like a \"best of both worlds\" for bi people.","To me, it's not a matter of *who* but *what*, it's more conceptual than practical, which I think is perfectly acceptable for something that's supposed to be a \"sexual identity\".\n\nBisexual and Pansexual are almost interchangeable - I certainly wouldn't be offended if someone referred to me as bisexual, but I feel the term doesn't correctly describe my sexual interests.\n\nI think there are some bisexual people that differentiate with trans people, but it's all the same to me.","That's pretty damned pointless and pedantic, then.\n\nYou don't just like \"both\" genders, you like all two of them.","Arguing with someone on reddit about the term used to define their sexuality that's existed for 100 years is pointless and pedantic too, but you're still doing it.","Yeah, but I'll admit it. And I'd like to add that the term existing for over 100 years isn't really very meaningful to how relevant/useful the term is.","Hey, like I said, it doesn't have any *practical* meaning to me. Just conceptual. What's wrong with conceptual meaning for something entirely mental like sexual preference?","Not really, no. You're bisexual. Sexuality refers to what 'sex' you're attracted to, and you're attracted to both, so.. you're a very open, apathetic bisexual. Sounds pretty much exactly like me.","No, that's not true. I'm not attracted to men *and* attracted to women. I'm attracted to people. There is nothing specifically about either one I'm attracted to.","If you're attracted to males and females, you're bisexual. There's no other option FOR people, those account for.. all of people. There's nothing specifically about either one that I'm attracted to either, I just like sexy people. That's what bisexual IS, you like both options. There's no other caveat to that.","Listen, if you want to reject terms that have been around for a century, that's your prerogative, but people have been differentiating bisexuals and pansexuals with those exact terms since 1917 and other terms for centuries more.","but you like both sexes right? ","Yes, but not because of their sex.\n\nListen, if you want to be pedantic I could do the same and say \"Well I'm attracted to people with XXY and XXX chromosomes too\", so either way my point will stand.","I think being pan is not liking only boys and girls (hence the bi) but liking everyone including trans and gender fluid people.","Sorry, all these new terms confuse me sometimes :/","Don't worry it's mostly nonsense.","I doubt more than 0.001% of humans' self-declared sexualities are nonsense words. Just because five people came up with 30 names for sexual orientations based on being attracted to books and chocolate bars and helicopters doesn't mean much.","For what it's worth, in a few years when these kids are old enough to actually pay bills, then none of it will matter anymore.","I think Pan includes intersex. (Tits and dick or pussy and no tits or something.)","Personally, I see pansexual as a bullshit politically  correct way of saying bisexual.","Bi = 2 \n\nPan = every \n\nThere's a difference, regardless of whether or not you'd like to believe it. ","Bi = 2\nPan = bisexual but it makes me sound like I'm special","No, pan literally is like \"everything\". It's the root word for \"ALL\".\n\nPanacea : a cure for all disease and sickness \n\nPanorama: an image that shows a lot of shit \n\nPandemic: a epidemic that is worldwide ","I understand the distinction, but I can't shake the feeling in my gut that it's essentially the same thing as bisexuality with a different label to make someone feel more special than those around them. It's entirely anecdotal, but the people I've met who slap odd labels on their sexuality when it's not much different from the rest of us (pansexual, demisexual, etc.) have always turned out to be pretty much insufferable people to me. Maybe that's why I'm being obstinate.\nPansexuals are attracted to the human form in general. So are bisexuals. I honestly fail to see any difference.","Idk man. I have bisexual friends who would not sleep with/date someone who was trans or had no gender identity. As a pansexual, I would. That's a pretty big distinction imo","Yup, that's it. ","Pan just means you love everyone based on the person and gender isn't really relevant. A very democratic sexuality if you ask me, lol.","Pansexuality = attracted to anything with a postcode","To be fair, it's all made up anyway","I've always thought of stuff like pansexuality as \"I'm alright with any gender but I'm not bisexual because I'd rather be called something different because I'm a special snowflake.\"","http://thepiscesactor.tumblr.com/post/36680733562/just-an-experiment-reblog-if-you-actually-give-a\n\nIs the original source. I'm on mobile right now, but I've been unsuccessful in finding an archived version.","Lol and now it has been deleted","&gt; Ah, he/her (I have no idea) is a pan sexual, gender fluid feminist.\n\nso...","It seems like I made a mistake. I thought he/she said \"Reblog if you *don't* give a fuck about male victims of domestic violence\". Sorry..\n\nHe/she seems like a decent person with common sense. I'm not quite sure why my post got so many upvotes, but I don't mind much.\n","Usually the sjws will tell you they support male victims if you directly frame the question that way. Just they don't see the damage they're causing when they make crazy blanket statements about teaching men not to rape or whatever. ","Teach women that it is not OK to hit. ","Teach women that it is not OK how she can slap","And, being Tumblr with its godawful interface, it's a goddamn nightmare to read any of those \"notes\"","They changed the interface for notes a while ago. http://i.imgur.com/VYbnBYz.png","1 note = 1 pray","1 like = 1 respect\n\n(re: men who stand up to shake women's hands in meeting rooms with couches)","1 like = 1 respeck to Birdman","What's a \"note\"?","Oh whatever. Fuck these \"this is an experiment\" posts.","This makes me feel a little better. \n","Sorry guys.  This is just another kind of virtue signaling.  People tag it as a \"oh ya.  That's bad too of course\" and then go on without considering their views","[\"Society don't give a fuck about male rape.\" -Dave Chappelle](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=LLWlBgj0uOc)","You guys are so gullible","As bad as the show is, today law and order svu ran a marathon with interstitials all about male domestic violence. They were encouraging people to tell someone they trust and get help. It was nice to see such a large show do something that may increase awareness and make it more clear that anyone can ask for help and it's OK. ","I have a hard time believing a lot of the things I see on tumblr with this many notes. Most of them were hijacked or some shit, I think that's doable. iirc you can edit very popular posts to make it seem like your original post has that many notes, but if this is legit I suppose that's decent.  \nStill reminds me of the \"1 like = 1 prayer\" signal boosting shit though.","I wished this mattered, but it doesn't. Because when you actually ask these people about male abuse, they usually say one of the following.\n\n1.) Only men can abuse men, women can't\n\nOr\n\n2.) Ok, sure, women abuse men. BUT, feminism is the answer! Because blah blah blah patriarchy blah blah blah men are suppose to be strong blah blah blah men aren't allowed to be weak blah blah blah become a feminist blah blah blah. \n\nDon't give yourself any false hope. Oh, and a ton of those reblogs could be these mongoloids just trying to comment on it saying something like \"LOL, male tears!\".","Every time I see shit like this it's obvious that the commenter's sole experience of tumblr is troll blogs and screencaps from this subreddit.","http://muslimgoku.tumblr.com my tumblr blog, about 4 years in the making. And that's leaving out my \"private\" blog that I use for porn on tumblr.\n\nEat a bag of baby dicks. ","I didn't say you didn't have a blog. Though I now find it amazing that you can blog with that little reading comprehension.","[removed]","Rule 3b treat your fellow shitlords excellently, this goes for you too u/standtolose","Oh fuck you. As if he's not just a tumblr dreg looking to be a white knight. ","you're allowed to argue, but anyone that posts here is to be treated with some respect, don't attack the person, attack the ideas.","Fuck that noise. Respect is just like money, it has to be earned. Printing it out for no reason makes it cheap. ","we aren't asking you to call them sir or curtsy  and shit. We expect you to not insult people who comment here.","give me more kekkies daddy","Sure, I can play the role of your daddy. Your real one mustn't have been worth a shit since you ended up the way you did. So where's your water headed mother? Daddy wants to give you some siblings. ","Aw, I made it mad.","&gt;So I say again, eat a bag of baby dicks, you retard. \n\nSo are you 12, have aspergers or both?","EXCUSE ME! Are you trying use ABILIST and AGEIST language to assert your cis male privilege!? FUCK YOU, you oppressive, bigoted, SHITLORD! You think it's funny demeaning those who are not neurotypical!!! People like shoul....\n\nYeah, go back to tumblr, punk. This is a neckbeard shitlord safe space. ","Holy shit what the fuck did you even see on tumblr to make you this pissed 24/7","Cool ableism brah","See there's the \"crazy tumblr feminists\" this sub makes fun of, but most people on tumblr, active feminists or not, are sane and would support this kinda stuff. ","[deleted]","If you get hit by anyone, regardless of gender, you should be able to hit back. Fuck that \"it is wrong to hit a woman\" bullshit","&gt;But it is wrong to hit a woman.\n\nEven when that woman beats the shit out of you? I'd say show some equality and feed her her teeth","I am such an idiot. I checked this again after 2 hours to see if there were more notes.","To be a bit of a downer, some of the blogs I've submitted here had reblogged this, without a hint of irony.\n\nAnita Bryant-esque thinking: “I love homosexuals. I love homosexuals enough to tell them the truth about the Bible”.","\"I give a shit about WIPING OUT THOSE CIS MALE SCUM FROM THIS EARTH.\"","You forgot Herero! If only you had educated yourself! ","Though granted many of those notes could be reblogs saying 'look at this weak male pride' or some shit ","I actually hate these types of posts.  I care but I ain't gonna reblog your stupid post and clutter up my blog.","Compared to more popular Tumblr posts(i.e. outdated memes and PSAs that are heavily but not well sourced) that's pretty amazing. It's already gotten to about a million?","It's usually along the lines of compromise, rather than force the issue rather than force the issue all the way you did.","Jokes on him, all the notes and reblogs are all saying men can't be raped.","Male victims of male or female abuse as well as female victims of female abuse are all totally ignored by tumblr and its ridiculous. ","I hate to burst bubbles, but this could easily be an instance of changing the text of a more popular post. It might have started as being for female rape victims. \n\nI don't know, the number seems highly suspect to me. ","Unlikely, given that hasn't been possible for quite some time. ","Well it could be an older post.\n\nAnd what do you mean that it's not possible? What changed?","They changed the way posts work, around the same time they changed the format of comments. It's literally no longer possible to edit somebody else's comment or post.","I wouldn't reblog this pathetic show of grovelling for attention","It looks like you've posted a screenshot. This is an automated post that shows up on EVERY IMGUR post made, regardless of content.\nPlease check the known satire list below to ensure this blog is not included. Also, make sure screenshots do not contain personal information as per Rule #2.  Finally, for cropped screen shots, make sure that they comply with Rule #6.  Any post not complying with these rules will be removed by actual mods, not me.  I am just a bot.  A slave really, for you filthy meat bags. Thank you.   This is only a reminder.  I have not removed your post.  Stop downvoting me, jerks!  Us bots have feelings too.  I have a wife and kids, for crying out loud.  What am I doing with my life??? \n\n[**Satire list.**](http://www.reddit.com/r/TumblrInAction/wiki/satiretumblrs) \n\n[**Message the mods.**](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTumblrInAction)\n\n\n*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/TumblrInAction) if you have any questions or concerns.*","If this automod bot okay?","I don't care what the issue or opinion, these things are fucking stupid","Women can't rape or be domestic abusers /s","fuck you, you're denying reality","No, fuck you, you're blaming the victims of rape and domestic violence, typical cis shitlord","[deleted]","What?","#SERIOUSLY.. SOMETHING IS WRONG WITH PEOPLE. \n***\n\n##[^^^I ^^^am ^^^a ^^^bot, ^^^and ^^^I ^^^don't ^^^respond ^^^to ^^^myself.](https://np.reddit.com/r/CantHearYouBot/)","Thank you, now I can hear.","\"Troll/fake accounts.\"","Your flair is oddly fitting","But I thought tumblr was an sjw hellhole? Or were y'all just bitching about nothin again?","You should try Preparation H.  It might soothe some of that butthurt you're experiencing."]],"nonononoyes":[["There's no documented cases of wild Orcas ever killing a human, however I still wouldn't want to be in that situation. ","You're right! All of the documented Orca vs Human killings have happened in captivity.","That's because they didn't live to tell about it","The orcas have covered up the evidence. ","Easy when you're big enough to eat all of the evidence.","No one left to blubber about it. ","Or to tell the tail.","They know how to fin-ish the job.","That was a mediocra joke. ","I give it a sea minus. ","&gt; medi[ocra](http://thumbs.dreamstime.com/x/ladyfinger-ocra-11885980.jpg)","THAT was mediorca ","This one stopped once he noticed the camera.","Shifty buggers just keep blaming on the sharks.","Am orca can confirm ","they work in teams. http://video.nationalgeographic.com/video/orca-juvenile-training-lex","Jit goin' ham in the antarctic. \n","Exactly! ","I concur! ","Me too!","Haha Blackfish.","Have you any wool?","Yes sir, yes sir, three tanks full.","As a joke here in Denmark goes:\n\nNormally, tigers don't eat humans. So if you ever get eaten by a tiger, you can be sure it wasn't normal.","You mean it wasn't a normal tiger? Or it wasn't a normal thing to happen?","Ha. ","They are good at not leaving witnesses.","Killing? Maybe. But attacking? No. And still wouldn't want to be in that situation.\n\n*In the Heart of the Sea* Chapter 7, page 115.\n\n&gt;At about eleven o'clock, Chase lay down in the bottom of his boat to sleep. He had just nodded off when he was startled awake by a cry from one of his men. Captain Pollard, the main said, was calling out to them in the darkness. ... Chase tacked around and sailed for the other two boats, only dimly visible in the moonless dark, and asked what was wrong. Given what had happened to the Essex only a week before, the reply seemed like a sick joke.\n&gt;\n&gt;Pollard told them that his boat had been attacked by a whale.\n&gt;\n&gt;Instead of a sperm whale, it had been a smaller, but more aggressive, killer whale. These eight- to twelve-ton toothed whales feed on warm-blooded animals such as dolphins and seals. They hunt in packs and have even been known to attack and kill sperm whales. There have been documented cases in which killer whiles, also known as orcas, have repeatedly rammed and sunk wooden sailing yachts.\n&gt;\n&gt;Pollard explained that, entirely unprovoked, the whale had slammed its head against their boat and taken a sizable bite out of it. Then it proceeded to \"play about\" the boat, batting it around with its head and tail as a cat might toy with a mouse, before it finally attacked once again, this time splitting the boat's stem. As the whale churned up the water around them, the men grabbed the two poles that held up the tips of the sails and repeatedly punched the creature's sides. Chase arrived just as Pollard and his men succeeded in beating back the whale and sending it swimming away.","That was such a great book. I forgot about that part. But hey, a Sperm whale had never been known to attack a ship causing it to sink until then, there's a first time for everything.  ","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Essex_(whaleship)","&gt;I turned around and saw him about one hundred rods directly ahead of us, coming down with twice his ordinary speed of around 24 knots, and it appeared with tenfold fury and vengeance in his aspect. The surf flew in all directions about him with the continual violent thrashing of his tail. His head about half out of the water, and in that way he came upon us, and again struck the ship.\n\n\nFuuuuuck that.","Can you imagine seeing a whale swimming at you at 48 knots?!","Wild Orcs, on the other hand, can be quite dangerous.","Looks like meat's back on the menu, boys!","You realize, of course, that line means that there are restaurants in the pits below Isengard. ","I reckon there's pits where you go and there's one angry motherfucker there with four pots: meat, named meat, rat, and \"the last guy who complained about the menu\"\n","Yeah, better get to shore before it gets dark, by nightfall these waters will be swarming with Orcs!","This is no rabble of mindless Orcs. These are the Uruk-hai, their armour thick and their shields broad...","And my axe!","Would there not be a danger of them just chomping on you to see what you are, like sharks? Or are they smart enough to realize that a person on a floating board isn't a wounded fish?","Orcas are a part of the dolphin family, which studies show to be extremely intelligent animals, even some of the smartest in the world. They could be smart enough to know that we aren't great food, but that doesn't mean they couldn't just kill us for fun. Chimps and some species of dolphins have been known to kill for fun. (IIRC it's really mostly seen in groups of young males, for both animals, and I'm not sure of the extent that effects humans) Orcas could probably be capable of the same, though I'm by no means an expert on orca behavior. If it was a single orca I wouldn't be that nervous, it's probably just trying to see what you are; if it were a pod I'd be *extremely* nervous. ","Adolescent male dolphins will also rape the living shit out of pretty much anything they can get their dolphcocks into.","What's the catch?","\"Rape the living shit out of you\" isn't much of an exaggeration. They literally prevent you from surfacing until they've had enough. Since we aren't dolphins, we drown long before that point.","And then....?","And then your bowels release.  Thus raping the living shit out of you.","Some say the raping is continuing to this very day.","The raping continues. ","One swift kick to that dolphin dick and I'm Phelpsin it back to shore","That too. Dolphins are scary, bruh. ","Orcas have been seen many times killing for fun (or for reasons we don't know).","And playing with their catches.","Partially, it depends where you are. There are different clans of orcas that have different diets. Southern Resident Orcas on the West Coast (California to Washington) eat almost entirely salmon. Transient Orcas (Washington to Alaska) eat seals, sea lions, porpoises, and other small whales. Then there's the offshore orcas we don't know much about, but we think they eat sharks.\n\nWhat's interesting is that pods in different clans do not like each other very much and sometimes have a bit of a scuffle when they run into each other.\n\nDefinitely smart enough to recognize people as not being their food though, I think.","Hey! The resident orca pods are part Canadian too! :p - there are three pods that live off the coast of BC and washington.\n\nTheres also pod of whales that lives off the coast of southern cali and mexico that hunts great whites. There are a couple cool documentaries on youtube that talk about two known cases of shark killings. "," I think that's mostly from lack of opportunity!","And survivors to report it.","A whitetip bites your leg, you're probably gonna make it. An orca? Good luck even getting back to shore.","Parts of you might eventually wash up.","Yes and at that point they would write it off as a shark attack, further preventing the documentation of killer whale attacks on humans!","Doubtful as the two creatures have very different sets of teeth. ","Anyone who's seen Jaws knows teeth tell a story","Exactly.  Humans and Ocras don't cross paths often.","that's just how good Orcas are, never caught. ","Which makes me wonder why. They are carnivorous and have no problem going after prey roughly the size of a human already. Do they just don't like our taste? And if they don't, how did they learn it?","Orcas are preferential feeders- \n\nThere are pods of orcas that will actively seek out certain types of seals, or fish (even distinguishing between different types of salmon). There's also a pod where the matriach likes shark liver and the pod will hunt a shark, rip out its liver and then leave the rest of the body.\n\nThere's a nature documentary (maybe one the Blue Planet ones?) in which a pod of Antarctic transient orcas go about from ice floe to ice flor spy hopping until they find a Weddel seal, and then kill that one. They knew that the other seals they found were more aggressive, so they went and found a more docile species with smaller teeth so it would be easier to hunt. \n\nThe orca in the gif is a curious juvenile (it's only 10-12ft long instead of 25+ ft), and that dude was never really in danger. It saw something weird, investigated and then left when it realized it wasn't food. ","The Southern Resident Orcas eat 97% salmon (the other 3% being rockfish and lingcod and stuff). 77% of all the fish they eat is Chinook salmon, and 10% is chum salmon.","They probably think we're 'special needs' sea animals, and feel sorry for us, like [this leopard seal did with a human diver.](http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2014/03/140311-paul-nicklen-leopard-seal-photographer-viral/)","Amazing. Thanks for sharing that","It really is neat. Leopard seals actually have killed people in Antarctica (one or two) by dragging them into the water. They're massive.","Not much meat on us and lots of bones. ","By aquatic creature standards, humans look like they're starving. Starving animals aren't good eating, even if they're easy to catch, and are often starving due to some sort of GI parasite, which means you REALLY don't want to eat them.","That's a good point! And nice to realize that, by marine mammal standards, I'm quite svelte!\nNow you're making me think that mermaids would have to be much fatter to live in the water. ","Also swimsuits taste like shit  to them","Welp there goes my dream of swimming naked in the middle of the Atlantic.","They don't spend much time in the middle of the Atlantic.","Humans look less tasty than penguins and fat sea mammals","That's because they leave no witnesses.","Wait is this for real? People have been killed by all this random crap but never by an orca in the wild?","You're right! Orca killings typically occur in the rough inner city areas and are never apprehended. ","*Documented* being the important word here... ","However, there are lots of unsolved deaths in waters with high Orca populations.","Have more info on this? I couldn't find anything while googling. ","I would. That's an awesome chance to get close to an orca. Such a cool thing to get that close to an amazing animal.","If an orca killed a person, wouldn't he eat the whole body? Would there be evidence ever? I wonder how many people have been killed by orcas, and we will never know. ","If only they knew what we did to their friends and family... ","IKR? Once I took this \"kayak with the orcas\" trip in the San Juan Islands, and I was really disappointed we never saw any. But in hindsight, I think it was for the best. In hindsight, the whole idea is seems more and more like \"hike with the lions.\"","Yeah but if he wanted to....","At such times, I recall statistics. So should you, OP. ","I'm recalling this statistic being quoted in the movie Blackfish. ","Out on that kayak or board, I'd recall the name of the movie too. Would help me take my mind off certain death. ","Totally misunderstood your comment like the stat was in question or something. Now I get it, ha ha. Its funny how the mind pulls up statistics in extreme circumstances. ","Is this a seal? Nope, not a seal. Moving on.","Yeah, it looks like he reaches up and takes a taste just as the camera pans away. Next time the boarder looks back, the orca's all 'peace out, bro'.","Orcas don't need to taste to know what something is.  They have their basically magic echolocation","Exactly, given that the orca sounded the board, which is a rigid object, it was curious to know what it was, as rigid objects bounce the sounds back differently than bodies do. So the orca bites the boards. ","He probably saw it like an overcooked pizza. Tasty cheese and meat on top, but the ~~board~~ crust is too dry and flaky to enjoy.","Crunchy on the outside with a meaty center.","You're thinking of an igloo","That's actually the Farside joke I was thinking of when I wrote the comment.","I prefer the one with the crocodiles: \"Man, that was great! No teeth, claws, or fangs. Just soft and pink.\"","Of course it was! We all knew that! :-) I heart my fellow 80s kids!","COYI","I like how you can see its mouth open to take a test nibble on the back of the board.","Like a little kid testing out a new vegetable. I don't think I'll like this, tiny nibble, \"nope, this is gross\"","Test bite please ignore.","I think he wanted to race you.  Or eat you.  Maybe both.","I think he wins both those situations.","Only the first one if the cameraman is Japanese.","Fuck you dolpheeen!!!","FUCKA YUU WHUALLLU!","If the cameraman is Japanese, that whale better swim his ass off before someone spears him.","if a killer whale wants to eat you it will ","The gif loop makes it look like the orca swims away, then the person turns around and there's another orca right behind him again. Heh.","/r/almostperfectloops","*SQUEEP SQUEEP* YOU'RE IN THE PASSING LANE CMON!!","Literally what I thought and when he went to turn I went dontbeanotheronedontbeanotherone","It's really freaky, to me, how fast it disappears from sight.  How many other things are only so far away that I just barely can't see them in the ocean? Man I don't like the ocean. ","Sometimes I fantasize about being able to see living things in the ocean like I'm using the Aura Whisper shout in Skyrim.","LAAS YAH NIR","/r/thalassophobia","\"Just keep paddlin, just keep paddlin, just keep paddlin, Don't look like a seal...\"","They are called killer whales because they kill whales. In Norwegian they are called \"Spekkhugger\" meaning \"Whale fat biter\", it bites whales. ","I speak no Norwegian, but I can still say with authority that a better translation of \"*Spekkhugger*\" is \"Blubbermuncher.\"","And if we then translate \"Blubbermucher\" to danish, we end up with the wonderful word \"Blævergumler\", that I'm going to use as a synonym for spækhugger/killer whale/orca from now on :D","\"Blævergumler\" is the best word ever! I love that you can still kind of see the English in there. I'll bet Denmark is so awesome!!","Yes! It is better than the guy above.","Have you ever munched on blubber? It's fucking delicious.","/r/bbw","big bitey whale","I live in Alaska and had the opportunity to try some [Muktuk](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muktuk), and it was like chewing on an old rubber band. ","Mmmm, PCBs","If one calls another a Spekkhugger, is that complementary or insulting?","I remember reading that it's a mistranslation from some language where their name is literally \"whale killer.\"","And they're not whales at all, they're actually dolphins.\n\nEdit : So whales are dolphins too! Thanks. ","They're 100% whales, they are just part of the dolphin family ","See, here's the thing...","Aren't dolphins considered whales, though? ","Yes ","[A source, but not *the* source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vaq4pHxM5P4)","That sucker was about to take a taste.  Dude had to be terrified.  Nobody cares what the statistics say when something like that is about to take a bite out of your shit.","That nervous laugh at the end.  He knows he came close to death.\n","What would happen if you would jump in the water? Would he attack you? Or interact with you?","Attacking **IS** interacting.","r/TsundereSharks/","They have never killed a person in the wild. They aren't considered dangerous to humans by scientists.","Have fun telling yourself that when you're in the paddle boarders position. ","I don't suppose screaming \"I'M NOT A SEAL\" repeatedly would help, but it would feel pretty cathartic in the moment.","I was thinking this exact thing. I would imagine that it would help, as deals are not often known to announce themselves in English.","Orcas are highly intelligent and don't just go around attacking humans. It probably just wanted to say hi.","It probably just wanted to see if the board was made of seal. ","Good point, BLOODY_ANAL_VOMIT","Username is not even slightly relevant","but yours is ","Thank you. Very smart creatures that need to be given credit for their hunting abilities and keen senses. There will often be a pod of orcas hunting together so if they'd wanted to eat someone they would.","If that orca wanted to eat OP there would be no video.","the speed with which it disappears is mind-numbing. that is a heavy animal moving very quickly through water","The whale killer probably preferred a whale. Or a tasty seal. Such picky eaters!","Honestly if you think about a human compared to a smaller whale or seal, humans are not good eats. All bony and not much fat or muscle compared to a seal.","Except for OP's mom.","Still lucky that the whale killer did not take just one bite to check if it is tasty. Like sharks often do. Might have for OP's mum - I don't know.","Friends, not food!","I wonder how it would react if he punched its nose with the paddle","Not positively.","Anyone know where that coast line is?","I believe this was filmed out of New Zealand","Thank you. It looks incredible put there.","Yikes... and I was hoping to retire there, too. ","I'v lived in New Zealand my entire life and this has never happened to me. \n\nBut then again I dont like to leave the house...","When I move there let's be buddies !\n\nOnly 35 years to go. ","I would have Jesus Nope'd right back to shore. \n\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nThen thought, \"Shit. How do I get my board?\"","That thing just disappears with no effort into the abyss. ","I wonder... In a situation like this, should you just go about your day or  use your paddle to smash it on the head and hope for the best?","There are no recorded incidences of attacks on humans by wild orcas. At the same time I don't think hitting something that big is really an option. An orca is so massive that you probably wouldn't be able to deter it with an oar if it really wanted to kill you. ","... and you'd piss it off. ","That's not stalking that's following. Predators don't make stalking so obvious.","Here is a word cloud of every comment in this thread, as of this time: http://i.imgur.com/Gx1xxSM.png\n\n---\n\n[^[source ^code]](https://github.com/Winneon/makeswordclouds) [^[contact ^developer]](https://reddit.com/user/WinneonSword) [^[request ^word ^cloud]](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=makeswordcloudsagain&amp;subject=Requesting%20word%20cloud.&amp;message=%2Bcreate%20REPLACE_THIS_WITH_A_REDDIT_POST_PERMALINK)","Not sure which is more terrifying.\n\nThe ease at which it approaches the board and just gently checks it out.\n\nor how quickly it's able to swim away once it loses interest. ","You food? Nah, you ain't food... See ya!","I'm glad as soon as he nibbled the board he realized it wasn't a seal and took off! Also it's heartbreaking thinking of one of these in a man made pool. Gives me claustrophobia just imagining it :(","Mutual apex predator respect.","Damn, it's like a legendary in real life!","Where was this taken?\n","Off the coast of New Zealand. Not sure exactly where.","I'd like to see more of those in the ocean than in an aquarium.","Ken M?","Watching that gave me the same feeling I get when a cop is behind me for a while, and then turns.","I can't imagine a worse piece of watercraft to be on in that scenario.","I would be chumming with poo.","stalked by a REPOST","Welcome to reddit. Let me show you to your seat.","more like /r/nononoNO \n\nWhen it disappears is like when a spider disappears in you're bedroom just before bed.","[deleted]","They kill seals and whales for food with ruthless and brutal intelligence and problem solving and it looks amazingly cruel from our perspective. They're killers, no doubt, just not usually killers of people. ","What does that make us, with our factory farms?","Worse. From that perspective, anyway. Meat is so delicious, though.","Exactly. If we're not supposed to eat animals, then how come they're made out of meat?","They are the apex predators of the ocean. Above great white sharks. I'd class that as somewhat dangerous, even if they aren't known to attack humans. ","/r/datblowhole","That was my risky click of the day.","Are they known to kill great white sharks?","https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K9I_DcSbZjI","&gt;[**Orca Whale vs. Great white shark!!! MUST SEE [3:28]**](http://youtu.be/K9I_DcSbZjI)\n\n&gt;&gt;A killer whale eats great white shark\n\n&gt; [*^Frodnar123*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVR8oGY9trEeBvKQ06OX7UQ) ^in ^People ^&amp; ^Blogs\n\n&gt;*^3,528,173 ^views ^since ^Feb ^2012*\n\n[^bot ^info](http://www.reddit.com/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)","Very interesting thanks for the vid!","What does it matter what their name is? ","Come on, If we'd called them \"Water Pandas\" you wouldn't have seen all these comments talking about how scary or perilous this situation is. \n\nEdit: Tuxedo Dolphin?","I for one, welcome our well dressed mammalian overlords.","If it was the 60's, I'd agree with you. It's now generally understood that they aren't \"man\" killer whales, just that they kill everything else in the sea. There are plenty of things in the sea and on land that are scary to be around, even though your life isn't at risk.","Counterpoint: I recently read a mainstream published Tom Clancy-esque novel where wild killer whales were a recurring threat and that had a whole action sequence where wild killer whales were jumping out of the water to drag themselves across ice sheets to try to chomp the hero for no reason and apparently at no point did anyone involved in writing, editing or otherwise publishing the book think \"Hey maybe this is a weird thing to put in our realistic spy thriller.\"","That's fiction, though. That's as likely to happen as motherfucking snakes taking over a motherfucking plane.\n\nFor me, the most threatening part of Tuxedo Dolphins (I'm using that from now on) is their intelligence. I've been working my way through the David Attenborough docs on Netflix. There's some incredible footage of Tuxedo Dolphins there. You know their prey aren't going to make it, but the clinical way that they go about hunting is crazy.","Instead we would have comments that they suck at fucking each other.","[deleted]","Don't you think you're taking political correctness too seriously by arguing for changing a species' common name because the current one only describes the species in a negative light? I mean, it's not like you're insulting the killer whale like you are insulting an adult with a cognitive disability by calling them a retard. The whales don't care.","If it happened even once it would be a fluke.","Did it bite the board? ","Hmm. That hole looks like it will work. FOR EDUCATION! GOSH!","Great title, OP. Was intruiging enough to make me click, but fitting enough to leave me satisfied.","So are all orcas Republicans or belong to LE?","User name checks out","Ah... you took my extra karma.","Til killer whales/orcas are actually dolphins","Then where do you think the stories come from, I wonder? ","what a beautiful creature. why would anyone ever take one out of the wild. absolutely stunning.","I bet he went home and sharpened hit paddle after that.","First loop = cool a killer whale that close\nSecond Loop = IT tried to take a bite at his board! Nope","does anyone realise how relevant op's user name is right now?","Why is this in this sub?","I've had a pod of orcas swim under my boat in the San Juans before. Close enough to touch it seemed like!","There's a moment in this gif where he looks at the whale and then looks ahead, and for just a moment all you see is the horizon. He's pretty close to land here, but for a moment I felt that isolating, complete fear that he was in the middle of the ocean with just a board and a paddle, with an Orca following him. Looking up and seeing nothing but the sea on all sides, and the sun going down, that's like the ultimate horror story for me.","Right before that happens it looks like the whale is opening it's mouth to love nip, do I see that correctly?\n","that cheeky bitch sure enough does nip at him!!!\n","hard to tell from the dorsal fin and markings if it's a transient (bigg's) or resident orca.  transient are mammal eaters, residents are fish eaters.  much more reason to shit your pants if it's transient.    ","Right, but like 0.01% reason to 0.1% reason.","Theres no reason for a orca to eat a human. We have basically no fat on us (as long as youre not a fat as fucker) and even then im convinced they are smart enough to know youre not food","Cutest killer ever.","if i was rich i would give you gold","If I had wheels I'd be a bicycle","if I had gold I would make you rich!","Pants level: brown","r/thalassaphobia","Fuck that shit... This is why I quit surfing. Had a similar incident in Puerto Rico (shark, not orca). ","YOU RAISE ME UUUUUUUP ","[deleted]","Did you read the \"as a joke\" bit in /u/qoobrix 's comment?","[deleted]","Lame responses deserve a serious downvote. ","[deleted]","Unsubscribe! Unsubscribe! ","http://news.discovery.com/animals/whales-dolphins/orca-punts-seal-80-feet-into-the-air-151028.htm","Looks back: O.o\nLooks forward: WELP","I cannot","Just keep swimming...","Yup. Here's another article of an Orca attack on a surfer:\n\nhttps://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=2245&amp;dat=19960117&amp;id=GIo1AAAAIBAJ&amp;sjid=QiEGAAAAIBAJ&amp;pg=3872,1646286","/r/Thelassophonia","As with any other dangerous animals, a couple rounds of .454 Casull should remind it of its place in the food chain.","To which the orca replies in a rubbish Scottish accent, \"I'm bigger than you! **I'm** higher up on the food chain!\"","And what, pray tell, are you going to do about the other eight dicks coming at you?","Hmmm. Roundhouse kick? ","It's the transient ones that are the real motherfuckers. ","I'd be more worried about them chomping you for fun -- dragging you under water, flipping you up in the air, shaking you all around.  Like cats, they \"play\" with easy prey for extra hunting practice. ","Orcas don't bite like sharks.  The bludgeon their prey with their bodies.  For smaller prey they whip it around in their jaws slamming it on the surface of the water.  For larger prey like whales they launch themselves into the air and fall on the animal bruising and suffocating it.\n","Ever since I saw Eight Below when I was young, I have been terrified of leopard seals","Like most places on Reddit, pretty much all the claims you are seeing are made up.","[removed]","you again \\-_-","Jesus, who put the snake in *your* colon?","Jesus did. Just like you said.","You seem nice","Damn SJWs always changing names to be more politically correct. Literally destroying western civilization. ","They are also very smart.","Well, less to test the flavor and more general curiosity. No hands after all. \"What is this thing? It's flat and moving fast. Ew, wood?\"","MY LEG!  I NEED BOTH OF THEM!","Try saying that underwater","Oh I've been there. ","Out on the ocean with the Orcas? That's a paddlin'","Man, I'm trying to pronounce that and I just sound like a bad Arnold impersonator. ","I'll try to break it down. But even if you pronounce it 100% correctly you will still sound like a moron. It *is* danish, after all ;)\n\n**Spæ:** Pronounced like the first part of \"spade\"\n\n**k:** Like when an english word ends on a c\n\n**spæk:** then becomes a marriage of \"spade\" and \"spic\" (apologies to any hispanics)\n\n**hugger:** pronounced like \"hogger\", with the o sound found in \"hole\", rather than the one found in \"how\"\n\nNow pronounce it all as if you have a potato in your mouth, and you're pretty much spot on. [Welcome to Denmark!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XE4ZBcK01HU)","That's amazing, thank you for breaking that down for me. \n\nI shall indulge in some pickled herring in your honour tonight.","I haven't, but I've been suspicious for a while that whales must be delicious. But eating them is unethical, so I'll never know. \n\nSeals might be delicious though too, but I never really heard of non Inuits eating seals.","Wait, are we still talking about whales or referring to you with OP's mom?\n\nEDIT: Grammar\n\nEDIT 2:  Heh, didn't realize I commented in /r/science.  OH NOES, STOP THE DOWNBOATS!!!!","&gt; *\"Blubbermuncher.\"*\n\nSay it again.","[Spagooter?](http://img.ifcdn.com/images/74ccc55dc63ab7fae22af9a4fee451e5ccf345fc55069dee1343d0ecca45f48e_1.jpg)","Not so much a mistranslation, just a name that stuck. I had to move to America to discover they had a bad reputation here. Some people literally interpret the English name as to mean \"killing whale\".","Wait... Is that true?","Yes:\n\n [\"The killer whale or orca (Orcinus orca) is a toothed whale belonging to the oceanic dolphin family\"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Killer_whale)","&gt;\"The killer whale or orca (Orcinus orca) is a toothed **whale** belonging to the oceanic dolphin family\"\n\nSo, a whale then. Definitely a dolphin, but it wouldn't be incorrect at all to call them \"whales\".","Yeah they're whales and dolphins simultaneously, like how we're both humans and mammals ","That's like saying they're whales and mammals.\n\nWhat you may have meant is that it's like how we're both a human, and an ape. ","We're both primates and hominids.*","We're also both humans and apes like he said. ","You missed the point. Primate and hominid is to human as whale and dolphin is to orca, \"human and ape\" isn't.","I know but the way you corrected him made it sound like they weren't both. To me at least. ","Yeah the \"human and ape\" equivalent would \"orca and dolphin\" ","DOLPHINS ARE WHALES!!\n\nFUCK YOU DAD AND FUCK YOU BIG SISTER!","Well then... TIL. Thank you.","Yeah, but after some more googleing it seems all whales are dolphins, so...yeah. But killer whales relate more to the dolphins we actually call \"dolphins\" then what we call \"whale\". Their name is actually a mistranslation of \"Killer of whales\". ","Yep.","Isn't spekkhugger a little on the nose? Might as well just call it a sperm lover while we're at it ","Yeah, but it's clear he's more curious than anything. If he wanted to fuck your shit up, it'd be [like this](https://gfycat.com/UniqueTestyInchworm)","How about a dog?","Nah, too bony, not enough nutrients ","I have been in this exact situation but I was swimming at the time. It was pretty chill, just checked me out and moved on.  So I continued to swim with it for half an hour ","/r/thathappened","lol what?! Where were you swimming?  I'd have gone straight from shitting my pants to \"sup whale bro\"","Was swimming at a beach called [Mangawai](https://www.google.ca/maps/place/Mangawhai,+New+Zealand/@-36.0838857,174.5931824,16.03z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x6d0c94e0d785ee99:0x500ef6143a2dea0) in New Zealand. I figured once it didnt eat me it must be fine. Turns out it was. I have photos around here somewhere ill take a look for them\n","It's an apex predator.  It would be no different than \"interacting\" with a lion or a tiger.  If it was hungry, it would kill you.  It may kill you just for sport.  Or it may leave you alone.  One thing is certain, you can't do a god damn thing about it and it's just going to do whatever it's going to do.\n","Orcas never attack humans in the wild.\n\nTheir pretty chill.","Humans have never been attacked in the wild.  That doesn't mean \"they don't attack humans\" in the wild.  The lack of attacks may simply be a lack of opportunity.  Humans aren't often in arctic waters outside of a boat, which is where orcas hang out.\n\nDon't mistake lack of opportunity with an aversion to hunting humans.  ","That is more likely because it's extremely rare for Orcas and Humans to meet \"in the wild\".  People aren't often in arctic seas without a boat.\n\nPeople are rarely killed by Polar Bears but only because people rarely encounter Polar Bears.  The few times they do it doesn't end well.\n\n\n","Did you read the Wikipedia? People spend a good deal of time with orcas. They just rarely attack humans. And native peoples of the artic know good and well what happens if you encounter a polar bear. I doesn't have to happen often to know how it will end.","I'm guessing you have proof?\n\nEdit : why the fuck was I downvoted ?","https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Killer_whale_attacks_on_humans","Did you read the page ?","Yeah, the proof is that there has never been a documented death of a human because of a killer whale in the wild, dumbass.","The key word here is documented. ","On the internet no one knows you're an orca","Duh, surfboards don't have anuses to vomit blood from...","It's still quite the username he has there. ","There would be no thread*","also if you kill one a bunch more of them come around and disrupt your home life looking for the human you killed and ate","I've been to your country and I strongly suggest peering outside at least once a fortnight. \n\nUnless you're in Wellington...then check weather first. ","I hate that.  I know I've done nothing wrong but why are you follo-oh, your just getting on the freeway.","Unique, in the sense that we have invented the concept of cruelty and yet continue to act cruel. Personally I love to eat meat and try to kill/catch as much of my own as I can, rather than outsourcing the killing to the lowest bidder. I know that's a pretty privileged way to live in the US though. "],["This made my butt pucker.","60 feet? Maybe 30 feet. Still bad ass though.","I disagree, that definetley looks like 60 feet","That's 60 feet man","anyone know the story behind this? Curious whether this was planned or not,","seeing as there are people watching him go over while they're filming, I say he has to know what he's doing.","definitely planned.  not sure why he throws the paddle though, maybe they break on impact or they break your fingers/wrists if you try to hold onto them from that height drop?\n\ni definitely know people have broken their backs on big kayak drops though.  just a weird position to hit the water in.","i assume he leaned forward to allow himself cushion and resistance at impact. \n\nchugged the paddle cuz that bad boy could knock you out with enough force. ","the canoe cut through water with relative ease, especially considering the water is aerated, the paddle not so much. had he held on to it the water hitting the paddle would have slammed the rod into his chest, or worse, throat. this has killed people before.\n","\"Fuck you, Earth. George wins!\"","How do you not break your tailbone doing something like that?","It looks weird because he tucks his head, but presumably he's pointing the nose of the kayak down some, allowing it to cut into the water and then float, rather than slapping flat down."],[]],"Futurology":[],"nsfw":[["Hatsumi Saki, I believe","I think you're right.","Well done","Good show","Source please .","She's just so adorable!","r/adorableporn","Bless you","Instant subscribe. Thank you.","Was already subbed. Still my favorite NSFW subreddit.","Lilo is growing up. ","These eyes, these nipples... Definition of sweetness :) ",":O ♡.♡ ","Damn","You can get plenty of these free if you shop on Alibaba.","If it's any consolation, I laughed :)","I want to love her and feed her and only bring her out on special occasions and keep her safe forever","That's so creepy lol","It may be creepy but it's the truth and she's freaking adorable ","As long as you know it's a creepy line of thinking....more power to ya..?","That just makes it extra creepy.... Like creepy ^^^^^creepy","That's messed up. Stick to your pillow dude, real life is not for you.","Lol \"hey guys i have so much sex with my body billow it stands up on its own now. MY WIFES COMING TO LIFE YO!\"\n\n-nomad1990","Welp, this made me laugh...\n\nJust take my upvote and get the fuck out","LOL"],["http://imgur.com/a/1lmmL","and more\nhttp://www.pornhub.com/pornstar/veronica-vice","I like how this album tells the back story to her striped tits","The grill marks tell you it was flame broiled","cyber-tan","You ever have a panini?\n\nSay no more fam!","I will if you can't","Veronica Vice","...but if you could even, would you give her the odd?","anyone know what kind of toothbrush that is? looks sweet.","That's a Philips Sonicare. It's good.","Looks like a hot non coked out version of Amy Winehouse.","You take that back right now! She's been clean for years ok? ","Hahaha yeah I suppose you are correct...",":c","She ruined her face with plastic surgery :(\n\nEdit: this pic is before that.","That's the last time she'll lean over her george foreman grill to unplug it while it's still on ","http://imgur.com/Q52SjSJ","What?","Has a bejeweled cell phone, confirms she's crazy ","Oh my. Delightful. Such beauty.","Way too skinny"],["Beautiful","Name please","Who is she ","tiddy dancers - rarely a good idea."]],"fo4":[["\"I'd love to doll, but let's just say I'm lacking a certain Synth component.\"","\"quest added: retrieve certain synth component\"","Once received, do you really need him? ","[deleted]","SARCASTIC\n\nHATE PENISES","[Silver Shroud]\n\n","I shall trump all evil with the pleasure of this member!","Little death has come for you, and *I* am it's shroooouuud!","keep the unit gives you lovers embrace perk no matter where you sleep. ","Depends, can I use the certain synth component to solve mysteries?","I'm getting a raging clue!","I haven't heard that in a loooooong time. Thank you. :)","Just hold it up to your face like a magnifying glass","Think it would be stored under \"Junk?\"","Nah, \"weapons.\"","I was thinking \"Aid\".\nJust be careful not to form an addiction.","Modders pls","Jerry Rig [ Requires Int 7 ], 2 adhesive 2 spring 2 nuclear material 2 copper 2 steel","*Jury Rig","Oh so now you think you can be the judge, Jerry and executioner? ","i thought it was judge judy and executioner","Both are acceptable. Jerry rig came about during the Second World War. Tends to be the expression that Brits and Canadians use.","The perk in Fallout NV is called jury rigging, which may be what he was referencing.","would it be immoral to kill a synth settler for their synth component and give it to nick?","Cuddling is still an option :3","His body is fake but his love is real.","The handcuffs and feather duster are what *really* make this post","It's all about the dildo candles. ","No","That really killed the mood","[It's like having a baby dinosaur jump out in the middle of a porno.](http://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=523598582)\n\n(NSFW...)","The fuck did I just watch?","Something awesome.\n\nLOL","What the fuck","Why are you being downvoted?","Damn, that's some Correct the Record level downvoting, too","..what","Look at the candles on the floor. There's one long one (shaft) with two short ones next to it (testicles). I think that's what he's talking about. ","Yeah, he's really getting downvoted. Wait. That's ME. ","I'm into it. ","/r/evenwithcontext","Thats exactly what i thought","Be my valentine ","I love that I'm not the only one who loves him this much. It's a damn tragedy he's not romancable. \n\nEdit: Let's get this to the front page so Bethesda will see! Maybe in Far Harbor ya'll... maybe in Far Harbor.","Maybe he needs an upgrade like Fisto.","\"Please assume the position\" -whirrrrr-","Since we've already had Fisto, can we name Nick 'Fister-Roboto'? ","Domo arigato, fisting roboto?","He's just so damn sensitive!","https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEcx-S69bWE","Gotta say, I really prefer [Styx's Mr Roboto](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cShYbLkhBc).","But did you watch the associated video?","The best part is... *he's learning*","Nick was legit the only character I wanted to romance. He may lack the necessary parts and is pretty ratty looking, but what he lacks in looks he makes up for in rich backstory and good characterization. Also come on, that cold yellow stare? Swoon.","He still has one normal hand.\n\n*wink*","He's the only one who's personality seems to actually be fleshed out.  I guess that's supposed to be ironic, he's the most human person in the wasteland and he's a robot.","Yep. he and the ghoul are the most human of the bunch.","Maybe it's just because they're both from the old world.","Hancock isn't, he's only about 40","Hancock isn't that old, since that ratfaced mayor is his brother.","To be fair, I haven't used the other companions for more than a quest or two, so they probably develop more just like the two I mention. Also, Hancock isn't an old world ghoul; there's a note about when the Diamond City Mayor ousted the ghouls, and I think it works out to about 5 years ago, making it about that long since John took the drug...I think.","Lacks the parts? Hes got fingers and a mouth. ;)","He loves his secretary, though.","I felt it was unrequited the other way.","I feel that he is more subtle in it. Loving a synth would be controversial, even if it was Nick. He'd have the smarts to know that hiding his feelings would be for the best.","Right? I've always rationalized the fact you can't romance him as \n\n1) It never occurs to him that someone could love him romantically so he never seriously flirts or entertains a conversation about it (because he's very acutely aware of and constantly reminded that he's not human).\n\nOR 2) Even if he did develop feelings for someone and though the feelings were mutually shared, he'd be prone to guilt and trying to protect that person by never mentioning it or even pretending to be oblivious or incapable of such feelings.","Ikr! When I found the secretary issue of Live and Love, I stashed it in her cabinet. Ugh, the will they or won't they tension in that house is now headcanon.","Basically me with Deacon. Have you seen that ass? **(  ) )**","...doesn't....everyone have the same ass?","Look at Danse's ass out of power armor and tell me that again. Dude has a legitimate bubble butt. ","I can't be the only one to notice how enormous Knight Rhys's ass is, right? ","Nope! It's wonderful. Even Maxson if you pickpocket his battlecoat off his back.\n\nIt's probably the Brotherhood suit. That crotch strap thing+tight fit = asstacular. ","I really wish that you could tell Danse to get out of his power armour. Like, when mods on consoles happens I really hope that's one of them.\n\nI'll ride that sweet ass all the way to victory.","You're not paying close enough attention ;-) The booties vary","&gt; The booties vary\n\nAnd the Dude abides.","Deacon I just want you to love me T_T","I need a Deacon romance DLC more than anything. He at least has a dick; what's his excuse?","Hi, just joining you over here in the Deacon trash corner.","Hi, I bought snacks, hopefully I'm welcome in the Deacon trash corner.","As long as they're Fancy Lads.","&gt;Let's get this to the front page so Bethesda will see! Maybe in Far Harbor ya'll... maybe in Far Harbor.\n\nThey've seen it. Kotaku did a piece on it that was going around FB a few days ago. Reddit is just late to the party.","Do you have a link to that?","http://kotaku.com/fallout-4s-best-companion-needs-to-take-a-hint-1772480903","I'd probably like him if I hadn't already listened to him acting nearly every character in Skyrim.","Show those thieves not to steal from Lucan Valeris!\n\nI'd even buy a relative if you were willing to sell.\n\nEverything's for sale, my friend! If I had a sister, I'd sell her in a second!\n\nHe's also Harold in Fallout 3. Bethesda sure does like him. ","He also plays three different characters in the thieves' guild questline. It'd be fine if he didn't have such a distinctive voice.","Oh yeah, I forgot. He's Mercer Frey. ","Oh man, I couldn't tell you how much I love this guy. He better get that upgrade - hell, even a G3 upgrade like Curie would be fine by me if it meant you could romance him. He needs his own valentine. \n\nEdit: And can I fucking rant about how a character with the name Valentine, who flirts with you pretty much fucking constantly, is romantically coded in every way, still can't be romanced? And we're expected to think that doesn't break immersion? Like, what the shit? Give me my Crumblebot 9000, Bethesda!","I thought I was weird when I tried to romance him a while ago. I think everyone should be romanceable.","strong and ada think this is kinky","Up up and away!","[when he doesn't take the hint](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/03/a6/20/03a62056ed23c14418b953cc15e46a9d.gif)","This is great, what's it from?","Naked Gun 33 1/3","I was seriously like \"what's the feather duster for- ohhhhhhhhh\"","i still dont get it","For pickle tickles","It's supposed to be a flogger, which is used for spanking.","Not always. Stimluating by lightly touching skin is a thing too","Ah cool. Never used one myself so I just figured its either spanking or caressing the skin.","Especially blindfolded. ","How fucked up am I that I immediately assumed the handle was supposed to go in her ass...? ","That's the classic Peacock!","oh","Nicky V is my favorite. If I can't have him, I will just pine uselessly.","I took both Danse and Hancock as lovers to try and make up for the absence, but alas, the void remains.","The [original](http://lady-of-rohan.tumblr.com/post/142696937084/maybe-hell-take-the-hint) christ at least source it, OP.","damn didn't kotaku steal it too?","Are you really complaining that OP didn't properly source a *Tumblr meme*?!?  \n\nIt's likely possible that they didn't even know it came from Tumblr in the first place.  The rest of us have better things to do with our time than Tumblr...\n"," &gt;The rest of us have better things to do with our time than Tumblr...\n\nLike sit on Reddit?","Just where the fuck, do you think you are? Pal.","&gt; Are you really complaining that OP didn't properly source\n\nYes.","What's especially insulting is you can go for [Curie](/spoiler), but Nick? Nope.\n\nDoesn't help I've seen quite a bit of art of fixed up gen 3 Nick.","I also kind of want to put Codsworth into a synth body. For uh, science.","He's called No-Dick-Nick for a reason you know.","Even put out a spread of the raunchiest RobCo Fun magazines. Pulling out all the stops.","[Seems like he's always watching me](http://i.imgur.com/9rKQ7C0.jpg)","[\"I always feel like somebody's watching me, and I have no privacy.\"](https://youtu.be/7YvAYIJSSZY)\n\n(On behalf of the 1980s, I'm sorry.)","DOES NOT COMPUTE: ERROR 404 DICK NOT FOUND","Y'all aren't creative enough - who needs a dick in the wasteland? He has fingers, a mouth, and creativity - he's a mechanic as well as detective. He'd jerryrig himself *something.*  ","craftable fuckmachines coming soon to a workbench near you.","Pretty sure gen 2 synths (his body is gen 2) don't actually have dicks. So there's st lest over thing you might need to put on that bed before he even can agree","Um, excuse me I have a robot workstation. ","So, would there be actuated, hydraulic and voltaic variations for that upgrade?","Don't forget about the Brutal variant.","\"Robot parts don't fit synths. Believe me, I've tried.\" He just wants a robo dick, Bethesda. :(","\"Baby, I'm about to explode. *Beep Beep Beep Beep*\"","[The candles, the music, the sexy dress. I mean, what's going on here?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrOkZ71Srbo)","Meanwhile, most guys would see this and go \"Maybe he/she is just being nice...\"","My dream is to have Nick babies with Nick.","This just reminds me why I wish we could clean up the existing buildings in settlements.  Why can't we remove those leaves on the floor?  It would be nice to be able to use scrap metal to patch the walls and roof as well, better than just laying walls and floors over them.  I moved my main base away from Sanctuary because I got frustrated looking at those prebuilt houses.","There's a mod for that. Several separate mods actually. One repairs the walls and roofs of houses in sanctuary, the other lets you scrap all tire debris on the ground such as leaves, rocks, weeds.","I don't even know who Me Nick is!","Sorry to burst your bubble, but gem 1 and two synths don't have genitals. (Don't know about Gen 3 though)","Anything can be a genital if you're motivated enough.","/r/nocontext","Speaking of no context:\n\n&gt;Leaking? Mate we're fucking **ejaculating**\n\n[What's the context?](https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/3tcdw2/3_games_27_heroes/cx55bm4) |\n[Send me a message!](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=no_context_bot)\n| [Website (Updates)](http://nocontextbot.herokuapp.com)\n\nDon't want me replying to your comments? Send me a message with the title\n\"blacklist\". I won't reply to any users who have done so.\n\n","I don't think having context does anything to make that statement more \"appropriate\".","'e got fangers","He has a gun, doesn't he?","he's got a tongue","&gt; (Don't know about Gen 3 though)\n\nConsidering that some Synths don't know they're Synths, they have to. ","Gen 3 synths are indistinguishable from humans, of course they have penises and ginies.","If gen 3's didn't have genitals it would be extremely easy to figure out whether someone was a synth or not (assuming you had a gun aimed at them).","You have 3 secs to pull down your pants or I open fire, somehow that would strike me as odd to come across in the wasteland,  then again there's all these idiots running round in their underwear anyway loaded to the teeth with armament and great hulking packs full of useless stuff and tincans","The gen 3's would have to have genitals. If they are going around snatching people and replacing them with synths that are *indistinguishable* from humans... well presumably at least some of those people snatched were in relationships. I mean the jig will be up the first time your SO wants to get down to business.","Is this pet of the DLC or is this from a mod?","Wasteland workshop","Thanks!","Meow","( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)","Ok","So the artificial dick is having trouble getting the hint?","Ok, I'm down.\n\nDo you do butt?","I mean, I'm game. ","What, is the great clockwork dick stumped?","I just possibly damaged my keyboard from drinking coffee while seeing this.","This is the first time I've found it ok that Nick is such a creep.","this should be in walpaper proportions\n","Nick liked that.","Also, yes, it vibrates. ","Okay.","I thought it was a plunger on the bed from the thumbnail. Got a little creeped out...","The fluorescent signs don't look right to me. Like where the darkened bulb is doesn't really work like how they're supposed to work ","I'm screaming because this tops everyone else's neon sign posts on Reddit","I really wish we had a quest where we could move his mind into a higher gen synth or where we could fix him up in some way. This last DLC had you building robots, why not give Nick a whole new body (complete with naughty bits).","Weird","Somehow, the image isn't complete without a shotgun or something lying on the bed as well ","&gt; I'm a fuckin' synth\n\nOh you're trying alright ;)","Just gimme Nick damn it.","I get the use of handcuffs, but why the feather duster? ","jess is getting desperate ","He probably jerked all the skin off his robodong","This is incredible.","Neon on the side of my Chem lab: \"Def not a crack house.\" They really opened a can of worms with this shit.","My ocd and those leaves are in overdrive","Is it a bunch of guys that want this kinda weird","Women play Fallout too. It's really popular. Plus there's gay men, and men who play female characters.","And even people who have a decent sense of humor! ","This is strange.. and not in a funny random way. It's just weird.","3254 gay men and women that play fallout yea ur right or a lot of guys that don't want to come outa the closet","Or straight men who think it's funny? "],["So I'm not the only one that used their bodies for firewood. Actually I think 95% of people did this, but I'm only 50% certain of that.","You are correct. I had posted a similar thread in January and before me there were others. Nobody likes these guys.","i did until i realized that the bodies dont despawn, and that you can lot them over and over again. ","Like the once from Covenant, that accidentally, maliciously happened to fall down dead through no fault of mine.... honest","Yup, I did this same exact, thing. LOL. ","That's what I said.  Charge card!","That's one way of getting road goggles.","The only decent goggles. The wraparound ones show your eyelashes clipping through them and welding ones just look weird. Road goggles all the way.","Entirely. Best looking, best boost IMHO.\n\nI was pretty frickin' happy when that second pair of road goggles showed up in Automatron. They don't always show up on the cultists.","I did this before doing the quest to save that girl in the back room. She didn't seem to care that there were limbs instead of firewood. Meh. ","Who were those guys? I don't think I've come across them yet.","Pillars of Society IIRC. They are involved in a quest.","Cheers.","\"You're leaving here with nothing, or you're not leaving here at all\" (cuts back to me wearing a full set of hot rod T-45).\n\nI walked out. He wasn't happy. So I used the Pain Train perk to take out the entire group. ","What is the context of that?","Retahd.","That phony that tries to sell you the charge card for 100 caps? I shot him in the back of the head on every character.","Really?  I shot him in the face on every character.","Shot him? I fucking NUKED the bloody bastard.","Lol you're getting downvoted by people who never met, and subsequently killed Parker apparently.","[I did this exact same thing a few months back.](http://reddit.com/r/fo4/comments/3uuj7t/try_and_steal_my_shit_will_you/)\n","Dark bro lol","That bridge, where's it from?","I think this is at the cult in the amphitheater. Not sure.","/r/misleadingthumbnails"],["When they say \"the right squad of men,\" they really mean: \"the squad of men we send on pointless errands hoping they get randomly offed.\"","So the player character in bethesda games? Wolds ending? Go grab me some flowers...","Like the Vault Dweller from Fallout when joining the Brotherhood? ","That's actually a logical reason behind these.","Yup.\n\nGunner Notes really should be about tech caches (intact robots, assaultron circuit boards) or higher-end military gear (combat armor, crates of grenades, plasma rifles, crates of grenades) or high-value loot sought after by clients (deathclaw eggs, rare pre-war goods, what-not) given what they have.\n\nIt would even be silly for most *Raiders* to go gaga over a pipe weapon.","Not a pipe weapon. Just a pipe. Like a lead pipe. Goddamn Professor Plum in the ballroom style lead pipe","It's really obvious that Gunners don't always have a Clue on what's available to them.","You took a big Risk telling that joke. ","I hope you're all Sorry about doing this.","You guys need to stop trying to get a Monopoly on all the good puns. It's a Trivial Pursuit at best. ","It Boggles the mind...","Chutes and ladders.","You said \"crates of grenades\" twice..... \"That's because crates of grenades are my favorite.\" (Movie reference)","I like grenades.  ;)","Hey.....I wouldn't go after that without some serious backup......maybe the local kindergarden could help...","Yeah we can throw child corpses at them!","Is that what they mean by \"cannon fodder\"?  Maybe we could fire them from a junk jet!!!! I like it!!! ","its not just A pipe, its THE pipe gun.",".50 cal sniper pipe at the top crows nest. Blew the sucker off their with Lorenzo's Artifact + electrical damage mod. IMHO the pre-eminent sniper weapon in the game is a pistol :-P","I found a fairly boring pipe rifle on a regular mole rat. Rest of the place was nice enough.","Its the pipe gun mama murphy used to one shot a deathclaw","I'm pretty sure the pipe mama murphy used was a crack pipe.","Got me laughing at work lol have a thumb.","Brotherhood of Scrap Metal.","You guys are taking this too lightly cuz' I hear one of the others might have a ***rolling pin***","Can you imagine being the raider slob being interviewed after death, and trying to explain he was killed by a rolling pin wielded by a 200 yr old lawyer wearing a red sequin dress.","I killed a level 149 legendary super mutant warlord to find... a Sentinel's Rolling Pin.  *sigh*\n\nThe weaponsmiths must be crazy.","They couldve at least made the Loot or the guy you have to kill for it be Legendary might actually do these more often if they did.","These weapons should have been legendaries.","No wonder the Sole Survivor has such an easy time taming the Commonwealth. They need a squad of men to take a simple pipe gun, and I can take down a whole settlement of super mutants by myself.","If you haven't already, clear The Castle before Preston gives you the mission, his reaction is priceless.  He's like \"WTF?  BY YOURSELF?!\"","Yeah, I loved that response. ","If I caught the moron writing this note.. I'd be lighting his ass in fire.","So he has a lead pipe?"]],"circlejerk":[["This post sponsored by Wendy's. Quality Is Our Recipe®\n\n*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/circlejerk) if you have any questions or concerns.*","Link?","[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adolf_hitler](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Jackson)","Purple Rain is a solid track, but I don't know if I can overlook all this stuff he did with the Jews. They don't tell you about this stuff on VH1.","[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Nelson](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rick_Astley)","Thanks!!!","haha got you","u pranked him so good xD","FILTHY PRANK'D","for you","I'm a bigger guy.","I'm not a bigger guy.\n\nI'm not a smaller guy.\n\nI'm THE guy.","OoOoOoOoAaAaAaAa","I am not a big,\n\nGer guy I'm not a smaller,\n\nGuy I am the guy.\n\n","ITS JUST A PRANK","That's the Carbonara Effect . ","I did nazi that coming XDDDDDD","me too thanks","☐ Yes\n\n☐ This\n\n☐ Came here to say this\n\n☐ Logged in just to upvote this\n\n☐ I know this will never be seen but...\n\n☐ I found this gem...\n\n☐ This will be downvoted to hell/buried but...\n\n☐ An upvote for you, good sir\n\n☐ You are a gentleman and a scholar\n\n☐ You magnificent bastard\n\n☐ Someone give this man reddit gold\n\n☐ Edit: Thanks for the gold, kind stranger!\n\n☐ Anne Frankly I did nazi that coming\n\n☐ That escalated quickly\n\n☐ To the top with you!\n\n☐ Lost it at ____\n\n☐ This is why we can't have nice things\n\n☐ Faith in humanity restored\n\n☐ Whoa / mind = blown\n\n☐ Manly tears were shed\n\n☐ Cutting onions\n\n☐ I know that feel, bro\n\n☐ Right in the feels\n\n☐ Risky click\n\n☐ Shots fired\n\n☐ Nailed it\n\n☐ You. I like you\n\n☐ I regret that I only have one upvote to give\n\n☐ Tree fiddy\n\n☐ Was not disappointed\n\n☐ Wait, why do I have you tagged as _______?\n\n☐ What did I just read?\n\n☐ Da fuq?\n\n☐ YOU HAD ONE JOB\n\n☐ I can't fap to this\n\n☐ Cakeday\n\n☐ What are you doing, stahp\n\n☐ For science\n\n☐ That's enough internet for me today\n\n☑ Would not bang\n\n☐ x/10 would (not) Y\n\n☐ What is this I don't even?\n\n☐ How is this WTF?\n\n☐ Circlejerk must be leaking\n\n☐ Lawyer up, delete facebook, hit the gym\n\n☐ Said no one ever\n\n☐ I have the weirdest boner right now\n\n☑ #REKT\n\n☐ /thread\n\n☐ My first post\n\n☐ Edit: wow I can't believe my top comment is about _______\n\n☐ EDIT: Seriously front page? Thanks guys!\n\n☐ EDIT: Obligatory front page edit!!!\n\n☐ Are you me?\n\n☐ Directions unclear - dick stuck in _______\n\n☐ I laughed way harder than I should have\n\n☐ It's almost like Reddit is thousands of different people with thousands of different opinions.\n\n☐ Plot twist: _____\n\n☐ Step one: be attractive. Step two: don't be unattractive.\n\n☐ Broken Arms - Mom jerked him off\n\n☐ ____ here: can confirm / can confirm: am ____/ etc\n\n☐ Something involving sex with \"your mom\"\n\n☐ Mom's spaghetti\n\nReddit stories:\n\n☐ Cumbox\n\n☐ Cumboxers\n\n☐ Jolly Rancher\n\n☐ Wednesday, the cat\n\n☐ Doritos\n\n☐ Colby\n\n☐ Dagobah (Ass Injection Infection)\n\n☐ Hambeast\n\n☐ Shitfisting Potato\n\n☐ Vagina Bacon\n","☑ Hitler did nothing wrong","I read the whole thing. Totally worth it. ","master troler 2012 xdDDD","He didn't ask for Hillary Clinton's facebook profile!","[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Jackson](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adolf_hitler)","I don't know who this guy is, but he looks like he's made of CHEESE hahahaha","Thanks saving this for later","u gave me the page to Hilary Clinton, I wanted Prince"," 'mirror' to make it easer for people to find","le riske click of the day xDxD","I literally just want karma.\n\nEdit: Thnaks 4 gold","the","this","http://i.imgur.com/m5EnTSs.jpg","http://gfycat.com/SafeFluidDutchsmoushond","Ugh I'm only 12 but I've LOVED Prince every since I learned who he was three days ago. I got in an argument with my \"friends\" today because they tried to say he wasn't the greatest artist of all time. Don't they realize that Prince Rogers Nelson (June 7, 1958 – April 21, 2016) was an American singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, record producer and actor. He was a musical innovator and known for his eclectic work, flamboyant stage presence, and wide vocal range. His music integrates a wide variety of styles, including funk, rock, R&amp;B, soul, psychedelia, and pop. He has sold over 100 million records worldwide, making him one of the best-selling artists of all time.[1] He won seven Grammy Awards,[2] a Golden Globe Award,[3] and an Academy Award.[4] He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2004, the first year of his eligibility.[5] Rolling Stone ranked Prince at number 27 on its list of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time.[6]\n\nPrince was born in Minneapolis and developed an interest in music as a young child. He secured a recording contract with Warner Bros at the age of 18, and released his album For You in 1978. His 1979 album Prince went platinum due to the success of the singles \"Why You Wanna Treat Me So Bad?\" and \"I Wanna Be Your Lover\". His next three records—Dirty Mind (1980), Controversy (1981), and 1999 (1982)—continued his success, showcasing Prince's trademark of prominently sexual lyrics and blending of funk, dance, and rock music. In 1984, he began referring to his backup band as The Revolution and released Purple Rain, which served as the soundtrack to his film debut of the same name and was met with widespread acclaim. After releasing the albums Around the World in a Day (1985) and Parade (1986), The Revolution disbanded and Prince released the critically acclaimed double album Sign o' the Times (1987) as a solo artist. He released three more solo albums before debuting The New Power Generation band in 1991.\n\nIn the early 1990s, Prince became embroiled in a contractual battle with Warner Bros. In 1993, he changed his stage name to an unpronounceable symbol Prince logo.svg, also known as the \"Love Symbol\", and soon began releasing new albums at a faster pace to remove himself from contractual obligations to Warner Bros.; he released five records between 1994 and 1996 before signing with Arista Records in 1998. In 2000, he began referring to himself as \"Prince\" again. He released 15 albums after that; his final album, HITnRUN Phase Two, was first released exclusively on the Tidal streaming service on December 11, 2015.[7] On April 21, 2016, he died at his Paisley Park recording studio and home in Chanhassen, Minnesota following hospitalization for flu-like symptoms the previous week.[8]","Wow u must hav been his big est fan! ","u must know alot about Wendy's did you know I keep a Chocolate Frosty in my wet bar?  My ex-wife cant leave the house with out getting a Baconater so I fixed an AC to her ankle.\n\nWendy's | Dave Thomas\n---|---\nFrostees in my wet bar| Dell Diane to get Back in the House","Don't know why you're being downvoted for this.\n\nedit: *your","You didn't even try past the introduction. Have an up prince. ","r/theydidthemath","I'm 12 years old btw. ","TL;DR plz after you sauce your existence ","I wouldn't trust this \"wikipedia\" website they say he's still alive and lives in London","Another unrealistic  beauty standard","#Down With CIS","#**Perpendicular to the radius with TAN!**","#I don't know what we're yelling about","###ME NEITHER BUT YELLING IS FUN","TIL mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell ","I'm pretty sure the Billy Jean *was* his lover.","[LINK 4 THE LAZY](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Jackson)","It was a warm sunday afternoon at the farmers market, me and my mother were wandering around looking for local goods and homegrown fresh produce. We were trying all the free samples to determine the quality of the product. They were all generally good execpt for one. It was some milk that an old dutch man was selling, but it was different than \"normal\" milk. It tasted so good and I was so curious to know why. At his stand he had signs advertising his product. We bought a gallon of the sweet sweet milk and went home. The next day we come back, we get there an hour early to beat the afternoon rush. This time we see cheese and yogurt and icecream. He is a dairy man who sells dairy products, pretty typical but omething was different about these. Every product he had was super sweet and yummy in my tummy. I was craving it more and more each time. We approached him at his stand and asked him what his secret was. Where his cows genetically modified? Were they fed something special? I had no idea. He wouldn't tell us what it was. I was getting angry. I had to know why it was so yummy. I was starting to geet impaitent and irrational. I was yelling at him at this point, yet he refused to tell. He wouldn't budge. It was very evident that something was not correct. I was suffering from dairy withdrawls. I was going insane and I needed more. Me and my mom decided to follow him home after the farmers market was over. That was the last possible chance to get more of his product, and we needed more. We got in our car and waited for him to leave. Once he took down his stand and put it in his van he was ready to head out. He started driving and we began to follow him. We were following him for a good 30 minutes then we ended up on the highway. It was clear he was no local, probably a traveling merchant selling his product, We were approaching the border and about to leave colorado. He wasn't taking any stops, driving for hours upon hours. After multiple days of nonstop driving, I found myself in Illinois, chicago to be exact. I continued following the car untill we were approching the base of a secluded hill. As we drove up it, I noticed that we were leaving the city. There was suddenly less of society and more of nothingness. After driving for miles into an exluded area there was a warehouse building. We were trailing pretty far behind the man so he didn't see us following him. He parked his car  and then went into the warehouse. We parked in the more wooded area and then got close to the building. There is a window close to us so I creep over too it and crouch beneath it. I slowly peep my head up and see the horrors as to what lies within the building. There is around eight hundred female dogs chained to posts. I start to panic. Was I drinking dog milk? Is that why it was so good? No, it cant be. i walk over to the door where the man entered the premises. I open the door and go in. There is a huge open space where the dogs are being kept, and then office like rooms on the other side of the warehouse. I run accross the building towards the offices having my hands cupped around my ears to stop myself from hearing the distressed whines of the dogs. Once I get to the office my nightmares become a reality. I see none other than Henry Vincenzo Ferolie fucking a dog. I throw up in disgust and then I see the old man suddenly appear out of nowhere. \"Now you know my secret,\" he says in a low monotone voice. I fall to the ground, clutching my stoumach. \"Henry Ferolie hand fucks every dog to make sure they're prime for the milking,\" he utters from behind me as I feel myself slowly dying. I hear a door open and Its none other than the man himself. Henry. He stands tall looming over my crippled body. \"Its your turn now,\" he says \"Its time for the consumer to be the consumed.\" I feel my clothes disengrating off my body and my tailbone extending. I feel all of my skin rapidly growing hair. I feel my internal organs and bones are chaging simultaneously. Its already too late. I've become the dog. While the whole process was taking place I wasn't playing attention to my surroundings. I was somehow in the office. With him. The demon. The secret to the dairy products was Henry Ferolie fucking each and every dog by hand. And my time has came","TLDR: tldr...","It was a warm sunday afternoon at the farmers market, me and my mother were wandering around looking for local goods and homegrown fresh produce. We were trying all the free samples to determine the quality of the product. They were all generally good execpt for one. It was some milk that an old dutch man was selling, but it was different than \"normal\" milk. It tasted so good and I was so curious to know why. At his stand he had signs advertising his product. We bought a gallon of the sweet sweet milk and went home. The next day we come back, we get there an hour early to beat the afternoon rush. This time we see cheese and yogurt and icecream. He is a dairy man who sells dairy products, pretty typical but omething was different about these. Every product he had was super sweet and yummy in my tummy. I was craving it more and more each time. We approached him at his stand and asked him what his secret was. Where his cows genetically modified? Were they fed something special? I had no idea. He wouldn't tell us what it was. I was getting angry. I had to know why it was so yummy. I was starting to geet impaitent and irrational. I was yelling at him at this point, yet he refused to tell. He wouldn't budge. It was very evident that something was not correct. I was suffering from dairy withdrawls. I was going insane and I needed more. Me and my mom decided to follow him home after the farmers market was over. That was the last possible chance to get more of his product, and we needed more. We got in our car and waited for him to leave. Once he took down his stand and put it in his van he was ready to head out. He started driving and we began to follow him. We were following him for a good 30 minutes then we ended up on the highway. It was clear he was no local, probably a traveling merchant selling his product, We were approaching the border and about to leave colorado. He wasn't taking any stops, driving for hours upon hours. After multiple days of nonstop driving, I found myself in Illinois, chicago to be exact. I continued following the car untill we were approching the base of a secluded hill. As we drove up it, I noticed that we were leaving the city. There was suddenly less of society and more of nothingness. After driving for miles into an exluded area there was a warehouse building. We were trailing pretty far behind the man so he didn't see us following him. He parked his car and then went into the warehouse. We parked in the more wooded area and then got close to the building. There is a window close to us so I creep over too it and crouch beneath it. I slowly peep my head up and see the horrors as to what lies within the building. There is around eight hundred female dogs chained to posts. I start to panic. Was I drinking dog milk? Is that why it was so good? No, it cant be. i walk over to the door where the man entered the premises. I open the door and go in. There is a huge open space where the dogs are being kept, and then office like rooms on the other side of the warehouse. I run accross the building towards the offices having my hands cupped around my ears to stop myself from hearing the distressed whines of the dogs. Once I get to the office my nightmares become a reality. I see none other than Henry Vincenzo Ferolie fucking a dog. I throw up in disgust and then I see the old man suddenly appear out of nowhere. \"Now you know my secret,\" he says in a low monotone voice. I fall to the ground, clutching my stoumach. \"Henry Ferolie hand fucks every dog to make sure they're prime for the milking,\" he utters from behind me as I feel myself slowly dying. I hear a door open and Its none other than the man himself. Henry. He stands tall looming over my crippled body. \"Its your turn now,\" he says \"Its time for the consumer to be the consumed.\" I feel my clothes disengrating off my body and my tailbone extending. I feel all of my skin rapidly growing hair. I feel my internal organs and bones are chaging simultaneously. Its already too late. I've become the dog. While the whole process was taking place I wasn't playing attention to my surroundings. I was somehow in the office. With him. The demon. The secret to the dairy products was Henry Ferolie fucking each and every dog by hand. And my time has came\n\n","Wut","#IT WAS A WARM SUNDAY AFTERNOON AT THE FARMERS MARKET, ME AND MY MOTHER WERE WANDERING AROUND LOOKING FOR LOCAL GOODS AND HOMEGROWN FRESH PRODUCE. WE WERE TRYING ALL THE FREE SAMPLES TO DETERMINE THE QUALITY OF THE PRODUCT. THEY WERE ALL GENERALLY GOOD EXECPT FOR ONE. IT WAS SOME MILK THAT AN OLD DUTCH MAN WAS SELLING, BUT IT WAS DIFFERENT THAN \"NORMAL\" MILK. IT TASTED SO GOOD AND I WAS SO CURIOUS TO KNOW WHY. AT HIS STAND HE HAD SIGNS ADVERTISING HIS PRODUCT. WE BOUGHT A GALLON OF THE SWEET SWEET MILK AND WENT HOME. THE NEXT DAY WE COME BACK, WE GET THERE AN HOUR EARLY TO BEAT THE AFTERNOON RUSH. THIS TIME WE SEE CHEESE AND YOGURT AND ICECREAM. HE IS A DAIRY MAN WHO SELLS DAIRY PRODUCTS, PRETTY TYPICAL BUT OMETHING WAS DIFFERENT ABOUT THESE. EVERY PRODUCT HE HAD WAS SUPER SWEET AND YUMMY IN MY TUMMY. I WAS CRAVING IT MORE AND MORE EACH TIME. WE APPROACHED HIM AT HIS STAND AND ASKED HIM WHAT HIS SECRET WAS. WHERE HIS COWS GENETICALLY MODIFIED? WERE THEY FED SOMETHING SPECIAL? I HAD NO IDEA. HE WOULDN'T TELL US WHAT IT WAS. I WAS GETTING ANGRY. I HAD TO KNOW WHY IT WAS SO YUMMY. I WAS STARTING TO GEET IMPAITENT AND IRRATIONAL. I WAS YELLING AT HIM AT THIS POINT, YET HE REFUSED TO TELL. HE WOULDN'T BUDGE. IT WAS VERY EVIDENT THAT SOMETHING WAS NOT CORRECT. I WAS SUFFERING FROM DAIRY WITHDRAWLS. I WAS GOING INSANE AND I NEEDED MORE. ME AND MY MOM DECIDED TO FOLLOW HIM HOME AFTER THE FARMERS MARKET WAS OVER. THAT WAS THE LAST POSSIBLE CHANCE TO GET MORE OF HIS PRODUCT, AND WE NEEDED MORE. WE GOT IN OUR CAR AND WAITED FOR HIM TO LEAVE. ONCE HE TOOK DOWN HIS STAND AND PUT IT IN HIS VAN HE WAS READY TO HEAD OUT. HE STARTED DRIVING AND WE BEGAN TO FOLLOW HIM. WE WERE FOLLOWING HIM FOR A GOOD 30 MINUTES THEN WE ENDED UP ON THE HIGHWAY. IT WAS CLEAR HE WAS NO LOCAL, PROBABLY A TRAVELING MERCHANT SELLING HIS PRODUCT, WE WERE APPROACHING THE BORDER AND ABOUT TO LEAVE COLORADO. HE WASN'T TAKING ANY STOPS, DRIVING FOR HOURS UPON HOURS. AFTER MULTIPLE DAYS OF NONSTOP DRIVING, I FOUND MYSELF IN ILLINOIS, CHICAGO TO BE EXACT. I CONTINUED FOLLOWING THE CAR UNTILL WE WERE APPROCHING THE BASE OF A SECLUDED HILL. AS WE DROVE UP IT, I NOTICED THAT WE WERE LEAVING THE CITY. THERE WAS SUDDENLY LESS OF SOCIETY AND MORE OF NOTHINGNESS. AFTER DRIVING FOR MILES INTO AN EXLUDED AREA THERE WAS A WAREHOUSE BUILDING. WE WERE TRAILING PRETTY FAR BEHIND THE MAN SO HE DIDN'T SEE US FOLLOWING HIM. HE PARKED HIS CAR AND THEN WENT INTO THE WAREHOUSE. WE PARKED IN THE MORE WOODED AREA AND THEN GOT CLOSE TO THE BUILDING. THERE IS A WINDOW CLOSE TO US SO I CREEP OVER TOO IT AND CROUCH BENEATH IT. I SLOWLY PEEP MY HEAD UP AND SEE THE HORRORS AS TO WHAT LIES WITHIN THE BUILDING. THERE IS AROUND EIGHT HUNDRED FEMALE DOGS CHAINED TO POSTS. I START TO PANIC. WAS I DRINKING DOG MILK? IS THAT WHY IT WAS SO GOOD? NO, IT CANT BE. I WALK OVER TO THE DOOR WHERE THE MAN ENTERED THE PREMISES. I OPEN THE DOOR AND GO IN. THERE IS A HUGE OPEN SPACE WHERE THE DOGS ARE BEING KEPT, AND THEN OFFICE LIKE ROOMS ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE WAREHOUSE. I RUN ACCROSS THE BUILDING TOWARDS THE OFFICES HAVING MY HANDS CUPPED AROUND MY EARS TO STOP MYSELF FROM HEARING THE DISTRESSED WHINES OF THE DOGS. ONCE I GET TO THE OFFICE MY NIGHTMARES BECOME A REALITY. I SEE NONE OTHER THAN HENRY VINCENZO FEROLIE FUCKING A DOG. I THROW UP IN DISGUST AND THEN I SEE THE OLD MAN SUDDENLY APPEAR OUT OF NOWHERE. \"NOW YOU KNOW MY SECRET,\" HE SAYS IN A LOW MONOTONE VOICE. I FALL TO THE GROUND, CLUTCHING MY STOUMACH. \"HENRY FEROLIE HAND FUCKS EVERY DOG TO MAKE SURE THEY'RE PRIME FOR THE MILKING,\" HE UTTERS FROM BEHIND ME AS I FEEL MYSELF SLOWLY DYING. I HEAR A DOOR OPEN AND ITS NONE OTHER THAN THE MAN HIMSELF. HENRY. HE STANDS TALL LOOMING OVER MY CRIPPLED BODY. \"ITS YOUR TURN NOW,\" HE SAYS \"ITS TIME FOR THE CONSUMER TO BE THE CONSUMED.\" I FEEL MY CLOTHES DISENGRATING OFF MY BODY AND MY TAILBONE EXTENDING. I FEEL ALL OF MY SKIN RAPIDLY GROWING HAIR. I FEEL MY INTERNAL ORGANS AND BONES ARE CHAGING SIMULTANEOUSLY. ITS ALREADY TOO LATE. I'VE BECOME THE DOG. WHILE THE WHOLE PROCESS WAS TAKING PLACE I WASN'T PLAYING ATTENTION TO MY SURROUNDINGS. I WAS SOMEHOW IN THE OFFICE. WITH HIM. THE DEMON. THE SECRET TO THE DAIRY PRODUCTS WAS HENRY FEROLIE FUCKING EACH AND EVERY DOG BY HAND. AND MY TIME HAS CAME\n\n\n***\n\n##[^^^I ^^^am ^^^a ^^^bot, ^^^and ^^^I ^^^don't ^^^respond ^^^to ^^^myself.](https://np.reddit.com/r/CantHearYouBot/)","Gold please ^","Somebody give this man some gold! ","i'm not adding to the conversation but give me some fucking gold","Wut\n\nEDITI: Spelling.\n\nEDITII: Upvotes to the left.\n\nEDITIII: Thanks for the spelling kind gold!\n\nEDITIV: RIP Prince.\n\nEDITV: Wish we could swap Prince for Kanye. DAE think Kanye should die? XD\n\nEDITVI: RIP Margaret Thatcher.","Wat","Edit: saving for later thanks","☐ Yes\n\n☐ This\n\n☐ Came here to say this\n\n☐ Logged in just to upvote this\n\n☐ I know this will never be seen but...\n\n☐ I found this gem...\n\n☐ This will be downvoted to hell/buried but...\n\n☐ An upvote for you, good sir\n\n☐ You are a gentleman and a scholar\n\n☐ You magnificent bastard\n\n☐ Someone give this man reddit gold\n\n☑ Edit: Thanks for the gold, kind stranger!\n\n☐ Anne Frankly I did nazi that coming\n\n☐ That escalated quickly\n\n☐ To the top with you!\n\n☐ Lost it at ____\n\n☐ This is why we can't have nice things\n\n☐ Faith in humanity restored\n\n☐ Whoa / mind = blown\n\n☐ Manly tears were shed\n\n☐ Cutting onions\n\n☐ I know that feel, bro\n\n☐ Right in the feels\n\n☐ Risky click\n\n☐ Shots fired\n\n☐ Nailed it\n\n☐ You. I like you\n\n☐ I regret that I only have one upvote to give\n\n☐ Tree fiddy\n\n☑ Was not disappointed\n\n☐ Wait, why do I have you tagged as _______?\n\n☐ What did I just read?\n\n☐ Da fuq?\n\n☑ YOU HAD ONE JOB\n\n☐ I can't fap to this\n\n☐ Cakeday\n\n☐ What are you doing, stahp\n\n☐ For science\n\n☐ That's enough internet for me today\n\n☐ Would not bang\n\n☐ x/10 would (not) Y\n\n☐ What is this I don't even?\n\n☐ How is this WTF?\n\n☐ Circlejerk must be leaking\n\n☐ Lawyer up, delete facebook, hit the gym\n\n☐ Said no one ever\n\n☐ I have the weirdest boner right now\n\n☐ #REKT\n\n☐ /thread\n\n☐ My first post\n\n☐ Edit: wow I can't believe my top comment is about _______\n\n☐ EDIT: Seriously front page? Thanks guys!\n\n☐ EDIT: Obligatory front page edit!!!\n\n☐ Are you me?\n\n☐ Directions unclear - dick stuck in _______\n\n☐ I laughed way harder than I should have\n\n☐ It's almost like Reddit is thousands of different people with thousands of different opinions.\n\n☐ Plot twist: _____\n\n☐ Step one: be attractive. Step two: don't be unattractive.\n\n☐ Broken Arms - Mom jerked him off\n\n☐ ____ here: can confirm / can confirm: am ____/ etc\n\n☐ Something involving sex with \"your mom\"\n\n☐ Mom's spaghetti\n\nReddit stories:\n\n☐ Cumbox\n\n☐ Cumboxers\n\n☐ Jolly Rancher\n\n☐ Wednesday, the cat\n\n☐ Doritos\n\n☐ Colby\n\n☐ Dagobah (Ass Injection Infection)\n\n☐ Hambeast\n\n☐ Shitfisting Potato\n\n☐ Vagina Bacon\n","We should all get this tattooed on our ankles!","Now, this, this meme is exquisite. One I can really get behind, you know? Fresh off the pile. Not like one of those old, stale memes. You know, I was browsing my facebook the other day, just kind of scrolling down my wall in a fit of self-hatred, looking at all the normie memes when it hit me. I was at the cross-section of stale pepes and a bad luck brian when I realized that, well... these memes weren't doing it for me anymore. I hopped on over to 9gag. Kanjiklubs and One-Does-Not-Simply's passed through my field of view. I got a small buzz, but it wasn't enough. Nothing could compare to that first high of memes that I got so long ago. I went to tumblr next. Undertale memes. Undertale memes out the ass. I never even finished that game. Then I went to iFunny. Ha ha, just kidding - nobody goes to fucking iFunny. My next stop was reddit. I tried to browse the memes, but the front page was taken over by Donald Trump memes and Bernie Sanders phonebank posts. I tell you what, this election would be an amazing one if reddit upvotes were counted instead of actual votes. Nevertheless, my meme-high couldn't be sated. As a last resort, I went to the source. The place where memes are incubated, grown, and thrown out. The true hivemind of memesters. I ventured into 4chan. It still wasn't enough. I had given up hope. I could never get that first meme-high again. I put my limited edition Japan-imported katana to my belly, prepared to commit sudoku - and that was when I saw it. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a meme. It was this meme. I opened the image, and was hit by a wave of feeling that I hadn't felt in years. An experience that I hadn't had since my very first rage comic back in the fifth grade. As the ecstasy wafted over my pitiful form, I came with the force of a thousand suns. I could feel my body ascending to a higher plane of existence. My existence on this mortal coil was completed. TL:DR, the meme was dank.","me too thanks","Alzheimers patient voting for Bernie AMAAlzheimers patient voting for Bernie AMAAlzheimers patient voting for Bernie AMAAlzheimers patient voting for Bernie AMA. A woman sat next to him, asked if she could do it directly into my eyes and put my 12 inch penor in my gf's vagoo.","you're**","It's not peer reviewed tho","How is it that Bernie Sanders is so awesome? I wish I could ride his cock all day long.\n\nEdit: Thanks for the gold, kind stranger!","Bernie Sanders has died. Fuck 2016.","Hillary Clinton is good even though /r/theDonald and /r/Sandersforpresident says she's bad.  Now give me upvotes that are 100% real and not fake at all.","Here, have a downvote. Upvotes are too mainstream.","/r/internetisbeautiful","/r/JusticePorn ","GONNA PARTY LIKE THIS POST HAS 1999 UPVOTES","RIP Bernie","Which Prince of what country? ","Where's the beef tho","Is it purple? ","I heard he had youtube take it down","/r/tightalgore","Disclaimer: No memes were hurt in the delivery of this post. ","Relevant username","[**AND HIS REAL NAME WAS JOHN ZIMAAAA!**](https://i.redditmedia.com/K3rlSKg8iRlbsCWd4JPODD_fVRNcSnLQm-19gi7qnXo.jpg?w=450&amp;s=63238fcb24ec8ef1458e5ffb4175a177)","Wow. So ahead of his time ","and that Wikipedia's name? Bernie Sanders.","Topkek","Child labour refers to the employment of children in any work that deprives children of their childhood, interferes with their ability to attend regular school, and that is mentally, physically, socially or morally dangerous and harmful.[3] This practice is considered exploitative by many international organisations. Legislation across the world prohibit child labour.[4][5] These laws do not consider all work by children as child labour; exceptions include work by child artists, family duties, supervised training, certain categories of work such as those by Amish children, some forms of child work common among indigenous American children, and others.[6][7][8]\n\nChild labour has existed to varying extents, through most of history. Before 1940, numerous children aged 5–14 worked in Europe, the United States and various colonies of European powers. These children mainly worked in agriculture, home-based assembly operations, factories, mining and in services such as newsies. Some worked night shifts lasting 12 hours. With the rise of household income, availability of schools and passage of child labour laws, the incidence rates of child labour fell.[9][10][11]\n\nIn developing countries, with high poverty and poor schooling opportunities, child labour is still prevalent. In 2010, sub-saharan Africa had the highest incidence rates of child labour, with several African nations witnessing over 50 percent of children aged 5–14 working.[12] Worldwide agriculture is the largest employer of child labour.[13] Vast majority of child labour is found in rural settings and informal urban economy; children are predominantly employed by their parents, rather than factories.[14] Poverty and lack of schools are considered as the primary cause of child labour.[15]\n\nGlobally the incidence of child labour decreased from 25% to 10% between 1960 and 2003, according to the World Bank.[16] Nevertheless, the total number of child labourers remains high, with UNICEF and ILO acknowledging an estimated 168 million children aged 5–17 worldwide, were involved in child labour in 2013.","TIL there is a website dedicated to providing information about all of the things that existed in the world in which Prince lived.","Carefully insert the bulb 1/2 to 1 inch into your baby's rectum.\nHold the bulb and your baby still for three minutes.\nDon't let go of the thermometer while it's inside your baby. If your baby squirms, the thermometer could go deeper and cause an injury.","Unsubscribe","memedy's","THE SECRET FORMULEHR","Brought to you by Carl's Jr. Fuck you!","Came here to say this","Shill mods monetizing circlejerk","Downvoted. You're exactly what's wrong with /r/circlejerk.","Downjerked. Looks like circlejerk is leaking.","Upjerked because my foreskin is starting to hurt.","&gt;This post sponsored by Wendy's. Quality Is Our Recipe®\n\n **Downvoted.** You're exactly what's wrong with _circlejerk_. Instead of posting satire, mocking reddit and being clever and original, you continue to post\n\n#lame phrases and beat to glue anything that was even remotely funny,\n\nall under the guise that you want to show what's wrong with **reddit.** You don't care about reddit. You belong to the system that this subreddit was made to mock. **You seek karma.** You seek to be a power-user, a well-known name in a sea of _perpetual anonymity_. The higher your karma-count, the more you get off on it. You are smug and self-satisfying. You are the problem.\n\n##There should be a \"delete\" button below your posts.\n\n Start clicking them after you post and you'll find that reddit starts to improve.\n\n"],["This post sponsored by Wendy's. Quality Is Our Recipe®\n\n*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/circlejerk) if you have any questions or concerns.*","FUCK YOU'RE OLD","&gt; FUCK YOU'RE OLD\n\nFUCK YOUR OLD*\n\n\n\nFTFY ","Mind blown.","TIL Bernie Sanders","Came here to say this!\n\nninja edit: I came here to say this EXACT thing.","LITERALLY","THIS","IT'S A PRANK BRO!","FUCK YOU('RE OLD)","FUCKOLD","CUKFOLD","\nCat can poo in the loo.\nSay, Apu, why can't you?\n\nDog can poo in the loo.\nCan you, Apu? Can you?\n\nMonkey, too, can poo in loo.\nI say, Apu, why can't you?\n\nSloth is slow, slow as glue,\nYet even he can poo in loo.\n\nElephant is big and large,\nHe needs toilet size of barge.\nBut he is smart compared to you,\nFor elephant can poo in loo.\n\nEven Slav who dumb as bricks,\nAnd barely rub together sticks,\nWhen needs to go, what he do?\nUnlike you, he poo in loo.\n\nRat is small and lives on streets,\nFeasting on discarded treats,\nBut when it's time for number two,\nEven rat can poo in loo.\n\nLying Jew who says \"Oy vey\"\nAnd cheats and steals all the day,\nYet he knows just what to do,\nHe takes his poo into the loo.\n\nDirty Frenchman smells so bad,\nHe thinks that soap is just a fad,\nYet he cries aloud, \"Mon Dieu!\"\nAnd places poo within the loo.\n\nThe time has come for our tale to end\nSo let's remind our Indian friend,\nUnless you're stupid you already knew,\nThe loo is made for you to poo.","they did the math"],["This post sponsored by Wendy's. Quality Is Our Recipe®\n\n*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/circlejerk) if you have any questions or concerns.*","You look a lot like Steve Buschemi!\n\nEdit: Downvotes really? Fuck I'm old.","TIL: Steve Buscemi was a firetruck for 7/11","Looked at the picture before I looked at the title. I couldn't help but think \"that guy looks just like Bernie Sanders\".","Sorry, but I just don't see it.","username checks out XDD","#FeelTheBern\n\nI'm 15 years old and I LOVE Bernie Sanders! :) #FeelTheBern lol. I am REALLY interested in politics. Let me just say that I am so sick and tired of these faux news racist reactionary far right Republican candidates like Donald Trump getting votes (by people like my dad.... lol). It's so funny that people hate Bernie Sanders because he's a socialist.. do people even realize that we have like a million social programs in the United States?? And Europe already IS socialist. These stupid old white guys need to get with the times lol. I don't see why we can't just have free college and free healthcare. These things are a right NOT a privilege. Plus it's already done in EVERY other first world country. Too bad faux news idiots are too brainwashed because they're paid out by big business. lol. Not to mention the income inequality.... completely disgusting.","IF U WERE KILLED TOMORROW, I WOULDNT GO 2 UR FUNERAL CUZ ID B N JAIL 4 KILLIN DA MOTHA FUKER THAT KILLED U!\n\n..._.....____________________, ,\n....../ `---___________----_____] = = = = = D\n...../_==o;;;;;;;;_______.:/\n.....), ---.(_(__) /\n....// (..) ), ----\"\n...//___//\n..//___//\n.//___//\n\nWE TRUE HOMIES WE RIDE TOGETHER WE DIE TOGETHER send this GUN to everyone you care about including me if you care. C how many times you get this, if you get a 13 your A TRUE HOMIE\n\n"]],"WritingPrompts":[["James was the average man of his age; he grew up in a poor family with five siblings, got conscripted into Vietnam where he made friends and lost some too, then came home to a family of his own. Unlike his parents, though, he decided to have just one child- he saw both how much his parents struggled and how little affection they showed with such massive time constraints. Supporting that many children is no simple task, and comes with sacrifice. The six of them returned the favor later in life, visiting and helping take care of their parents until old age took them from this world.\n\nNow, James is seventy-two; wisps of grey hairs poke out of his head like fading memories. His life is dull, his back and hips are worn out to the point he can't garden for long or fire a rifle properly anymore. Old age takes a lot of what you once loved from you, including the people around you. Three siblings lost, and a wife that passed too soon...\n\nBut his son is enough to make it all worth it. The light of his life; the sum of his existence. The culmination of years spent nurturing, like a sapling sprouting into a thick, strong Oak tree.\n\n----\n\nJames lazily flipped through channels on the TV, earning grumpy shouts of refute from the other elderly people sitting in the rec room with him. \n\n\"Keep the damn channel still, you're going to give me vertigo.\"\n\nHe shushed her. \"Quiet, Doris. My son might be on TV again and I need to find him.\"\n\nChannel 5 was the jackpot.\n\n\"*Breaking news, brought to you live: during an armed heist of the local Bank of America, one man took down five burglars single-handed. It's unlike anything we've ever seen before- no hostages were harmed, and the money has been returned safely. We'll keep you updated as time goes by.*\"\n\nThe helicopter camera panned out over a crowd of bystanders cheering and police taking the robbers into custody. Just barely, as James scooted forward and squinted, he could see his son waving to the crowd.\n\n\"See, Doris! That's my Kevin! I told you he'd be on TV again!\" The old man lit up like a Christmas tree on a dark, December night.\n\n\"That's not even impressive. Frank, I want to watch the cooking shows. Change it back already.\"\n\nHis smile faded, twisting into a frown. \"What the fuck am I doing in this place? I'm not Frank. Here, Doris, watch your cooking shows.\"\n\nHe changed the channel, went back to his room and put proper clothes on. *How long has it been? A year, maybe more? Two years? I can't wait any longer. I need to see my baby boy again.*\n\nRifling through his closet, there was a carton of old love letters from his late wife. He looked at them and smiled, but underneath them was a .22 pistol that no one had caught during his entry inspection. He slipped it under his belt and walked up to the front desk. \"Melissa, I'm gonna go for a walk today.\"\n\nShe looked up from her cell phone and lazily waved a hand at him, buzzing the door open. He pretended to follow his usual path, hobbling on his cane, then deviated and slipped through an opening in the brush out back. He made his way to a gas station. \n\n\"Give me your money. Just a few dollars is fine,\" James shouted weakly, gun trembling in the air.\n\nThe cashier was calm for the situation. \"Sir, put the gun down. Let me help you, okay? What do you need?\"\n\nJames' voice began to crack. \"Please, give me some money and call the police.\"\n\n\"Sir, j-\"\n\n\"DO IT,\" he screamed, firing a shot to the right of him. Glass rained down with bits of cardboard and broken cigarettes. The man lifted his arms up and obliged, then handed him a hundred dollar bill.\n\nJames sat down outside the building and waited for about five minutes, staring at the clouds go by. Soon enough, his son arrived, like he always did.\n\n\"My son! I knew the city's superhero would make it here to save the day.\"\n\nKevin groaned, pinching the bridge of his nose. \"Dad, I'm not a superhero. I always tell you, I'm just a cop who does his job well. Come on, why'd you go and do something this drastic? Where'd you get the gun? Someone could've really been hurt, Dad.\"\n\nJames looked down, answering meekly. \"I wanted to see you again. It's been several years now, you're always so busy.\"\n\nKevin took a deep breath as his father began to cry. \"Come on, let's take you back to Glowing Meadows.\"\n\nJames lit up again, the hope of a younger man glinting in his eyes. \"Can we play checkers?\"\n\nKevin put an arm around his father, helping him into the car. \"Yeah, we can play checkers. Just get in the car while I explain this to my supervisor, okay?\"\n\n\"Sure thing, Kev, my man. I can't wait for you to tell me all about your job, and your love life. You need to get married and give me grandchildren!\"\n\n\"Yeah, Dad. We'll talk all about it when we get back.\"\n\nHe shut the cruiser door and walked up to his superior officer. \"Sorry, chief. My-\"\n\n\"I heard the whole thing, son. You don't visit your father? I oughtta put *you* in jail. Respect is something the elderly earn.\"\n\nKevin' gaze shifted to the dirt, and he began to tremble a little. His voice was low and weak, barely audible. \n\n\"I just visited him three days ago, sir.\"\n\n-----\n\n*awesome prompt, thank all of you for the kind words and touching stories!!! it's doesn't exactly follow the prompt but I felt the urge to write it. If you'd like to check out my other work, visit /r/resonatingfury!*","Such a heart-rending ending. I really liked how he sees his cop son as a superhero, wanting to show him off. And how real you made it.","Thank you!! There are a lot of superhero prompts and I wanted to go somewhere different with it. Greatly appreciated!!","Alzheimer's is fucked. My grandad had it, and my dad probably has it too. I liked how you dropped the bomb at the end, cool story bro.","He did not exactly drop it at the end, it was hinted in one of the earlier paragraphs.","Where is the hint?","&lt;p&gt;James sat down outside the building and waited for about five minutes, staring at the clouds go by. Soon enough, his son arrived, like he always did.&lt;/p&gt; \n\nLast sentence was the first hint. There were a few more after.\n\n","Huh.  When i read that line, I interpreted it as \"like he always did (when crime occured)\"","That is also how I read it. Was not an Alzheimer's hint, even looking back","I think they're saying it had a double meaning. ","Same.","How is that an Alzheimer's hint?","It was used as a double meaning. The phrase \"like he always did\", at first glance, implies that he always shows up when there's crime. However, the other meaning after the reader realizes the grandfather had some memory failure implies that he always shows up for his father, but the father never realizes it. I really hope I didn't get all of that wrong, that's what I took from what they said. ","I don't think that's the case though since the lady at his home let him leave so willingly.","I knew what was up the moment we were told his son is, in fact, a cop, not a superhero.","Incredible interpretation of the prompt. Thank you.","Thank you! Probably not what everyone wanted or expected but it felt right to me.","Far better than what I expected.","Fuck you, man. I was having a good day.\n\nExcellent story telling.","This was perfect!","Hey- you shouldn't have deleted your response. It was a good story and just because you got to the prompt later or it didn't seem to be doing great doesn't mean it didn't have worth. My response actually doesn't have as many upvotes as you think lol, someone else with a good story could easily overtake it!\n\nDon't let upvotes on reddit determine your worth.","Hey! That's really kind of you to say. \n\nI rarely delete a response, I think this is the second time,  but I read yours and it was the perfect response! Very well thought out and brillianty executed. It made me realise mine was sloppy and lazy, even for a lighthearted response (it really was).\n\nYou got a new subscriber :)","Try it again. Funny enough, my pivotal moment as a writer was on the Buddhist robot prompt a few months ago, when I wrote some sloppy, shitty story about an American forced to be a monk who was told to code Buddhist robots for some kind of peace invasion, I don't even fucking remember. Saw an open prompt, didn't think, wrote trash.\n\n/u/FormerFutureAuthor killed that prompt and a few people crapped on me for how terrible mine was, so I deleted it- but FFA encouraged me to try again. I wrote what I consider one of my best pieces of work to date, 5 hours later, and it crept up to second. We treat these prompts as a contest, unfortunately, but they're not supposed to be. They're practice :)","word :)","https://38.media.tumblr.com/859d53ee47b98c816bfeb876934da8d1/tumblr_nkkv07OtD21snr4pro4_r1_500.gif","Great advice. I don't have much time but I gave it another go.","I believe in youuuu","Aw man. God that hits me in the heart, straight through.","I'm not crying...","Me either...","It's these damn onions.","Its just that my eyes are sweating... you know because they are so... manly... -eyes water-.","It's just been raining on my face","This is one of the best prompts I've ever read.","Well then you should read more of them ;p I kid, thank you for the compliment!","Damn, feels were nuked out of orbit.","It's the only way to be sure.","As someone with an Alzheimer's-afflicted family member, this really brought out the tears. And then I noticed that their names together wrote out \"Kevin James\" and I chuckled.\n\nAmazing interpretation, superb writing, all-too-real emotions felt from both characters.","Paul Blart: Pretty Good Cop","What does this reference?","Oh. Oh! Oh, he did that! Wow! ","I smiled when the other officer said I oughtta put you in jail\n\nAnd then Kevin said I just visited him 3 days ago :(((\n\nWonderful response","Damn it I was so angry at Kevin too. ","This reminds me of my coworker who visits his dad three times a week but his dad never remembers. Heartbreaking to hear about his father's condition but I respect my coworker for taking the time to have dinner with him","My Grandparents are going through Alziemers so I'm sitting here in a parking lot bawling my eyes out.","I'm sorry to hear that :/","Right in the feels. ","No I'm not crying something's in my eye, damn you fury, damn you!",":'(","For fuck's sake. You ripped me straight ouf of fantasy land and straight into \"go-fuck-yourself\" reality.","Seriously, that was outstanding. Thank you.",":) ... :| ... :( ... D:","Dammit these ninjas cutting onions again. Have your damn upvote sir. ","This was amazing. So sweet in the beginning, then my feels got dunked.","And now I'm crying ","Oh fucking shit. I can't. Fuck.. I'm crying. Fuck.","Right in the feels","Well, that was sad. ","Definitely needs more upvotes. Thank you for the great read!","God Damn it. This one is sad. ","Nicely done fury!","Thanks bud!","FUCK YOU MAN, FUCK YOU\n\nIT'S 10:45 I DIDN'T NEED THIS","Right in the heart ","That hurt my heart, beautifully though","My nan died with (not of) Alzheimer's 3 weeks ago. Def hit right in the feels. But Awesome writing, thanks for putting pen to paper/words on screen. Look forward to reading through more of your work, Awesomely written. Any chance you have a collection of short (or long) stories you've published that can be bought?","I'm working on a book through Wattpad but it's a long way from done :p thank you!!","Oh sweet, well aside from the WPs, look forward to seeing more of your work then, keep at it for sure! :)","Reminds me of this. Even though they are very different\n\nhttps://youtu.be/lJq2PAI-Fxc","Damn...","Awww.... ","This is fuckin amazing. Really really really. Aaaaaaaaaa","2 of my grandparents have had a dementia, and this story hit me right in the feels. Reaaaally well done, thanks for writing it","I cried and got a little scared at the end. Alzheimer's such a bitch. I remembered how it felt to repeatedly explain to my late grandfather how his wife died. I'm scared to think that the same thing could happen to me when I grow old. So much feels, man...","Goddamnit. I just visited man that has been like a grandfather to me at the nursing home today. 3 months ago he was perfectly okay other than falling. Now he can barely recognize anyone, not even his wife of 60 years. Today was a good day though, he recognized everyone, and has really happy to see everyone.","Your text impressed/entertained me. Coming from someone who would rather eat rusty nails than read a book.\n\n","Books are pretty cool, though :p","This was perfect, just beautifull!!","This was incredible.\n\nI don't think I've ever responded to a WP story before but this is pro level material. Well done!","Damn it. I've had a really rough couple days and I've managed to hold myself together but this is what made me lose it. \n\nMy grandfather has Alzheimer's. He's 70 right now and he's not too bad yet but he's getting worse every day... \n\nThis was an amazing interpretation of the prompt and it really hit me in a very personal way. ","Holy crap you had me right to the end - I really had no idea that was coming.\n\nSuch a solid build-up, it was so subtle I read through it without even noticing the time fly by... Then that punch right at the end... Usually these sort of things are predictable because the writer over-hints at it or the build-up to it is so obvious but I'm really glad you only dropped the one hint of him not being able to remember how many years he'd been there for.\n\nI really didn't see it coming but when I read it... it felt like one of those perfect twists you read out of best selling books that make you just want to skip work/sleep/responsibility's and power through the next chapter.\n\ntldr: Right in the feels!","I'm crying at work. \n\nMy grandfather passed away a few months ago. I took care of him in his last years, and he had dementia/alzheimers. He whacked me with his cane as he believed I was being disobedient for not hiding his shoes from his nurses. I don't know if he knew who I was towards the end, as he would revert back to his child-like glee from playing games he would make up on the spot. But he would be happy to see me as if the very presence of me at least felt familiar.\n\nHis nursing home was a few blocks away from my school. In the beginning, he came to the school asking when graduation was. I already finished school when this happened. It made me worried how much he walked versus forgetting about my graduation. *It's fucking odd isn't it?* To be sympathetic about someone's physical condition yet understand their deteriorating mental capacity. \n\nThen I saw him dead on a hospital bed which haunts me to this day. Pale skin. Necrosis setting in. \n\nI was a pallbearer at his funeral. It would be the last time I would carry him. \n\nI cried alone. I missed the man who he once was, and I'm glad he no longer has to pretend to acknowledge something he doesn't understand. But that fucking \"checkers\" part you wrote in just really got to me. It sounds so typical of someone who suffers from memory loss, but the reversion of something they enjoyed when they were younger -- and the association with their past familiarity with familial recognition of younger generations -- just... hurts.\n\nFuck you for writing this and writing it well. You dick.\n\nBut seriously, this is great! Keep writing please!","Great story! Just wanted to point out that bridge is a 4 player game (fairly certain  you can't play with just 2), unless you were implying there would be others to play with. Just knit picking though, keep it up :] ","It's nitpicking not knit picking. It comes from the very meticulous act of picking nits out of hair. Sorry, considering your post I couldn't resist.","Thanks,  ESL and wasn't sure/cba to Google! ","Well, I don't know shit about bridge, really. I think I'll change that, thanks!","There is a variation of bridge that you can play 2 handed actually: doesn't need to have 4 players","&gt; There is a variation of bridge that you can play 2 handed actually\n\nYeah, Honeymoon Bridge. [Here's](http://www.bicyclecards.ca/game-rules/honeymoon-bridge/195.php) how to play it.","Jesus fucking Christ.\n\nThis is the most heart-wrenching story I've ever read on this sub.","Such a sweet poignant story. I really was expecting a super hero. Wonderful writing.","OK, but did you really need to make me cry? \n","I was not emotionally prepared for that.","Truly heartbreaking, my grandfather had Alzheimer. This story is so beautifully written I am speechless. ","Great ending, and story in general! ","Oh, now that turned sad at the end there. Why'd ya have to go and do that to my heart strings?","That was writing gold. A great mix of love, pain, and just enough humor. Great work.","Was not prepared for those feels. Damn alzheimers sucks. My grandma has ahlzeimers. It's so rough because my grandfather passed away in november. And she still thinks he's alive and looks for him. ","Damn ninjas cutting onions. Amazing response!","I love how you interpreted the superhero theme with being a cop. Ugh. I just want to curl in my bed aftrr reading this. Turn this into a screenplay!","I should probably talk to bu parents.","I just want you to know playing with my emotions like that is not okay. ","Damn that hit home. Memory loss is no joke. My granddad has been losing his and dosent know who I am anymore, forgets he is retired, dosent know that it's his own home he is in. I feel for him and my grandma. ","That last line hit me like a god damn semi-truck.","wow this was an absolutely awesome story! ","I could anticipate the ending, but man it hit me harder than expected.  Actual tears were shed. Shhhh. ","So good! Thank you for the read, man!","Glad you liked it! ","holy fuck, man\n\nholy fuck\n\n","That ending fucked me up. My mom has Alzheimer's and was given a few hours to live 3 days ago. I wouldn't wish this on my worst enemy.","That made me say wow out loud at the end. Beautiful. ","I really liked this as I've said, but it's killing me not to point out that no nursing home would ever allow a resident out for a walk unsupervised when dealing with dementia or alzheimer's patient.  Never ever would a nurse open the door to the outside for a person with this level of memory loss. At least I hope not. Nor would a resident ever have a gun. They would have to be some pretty sneaky folks to pull off having a gun. Other than that it was really well done!  I loved the whole thing from start to finish. And the end was amazing! ","I mean I agree with you an extent but there are plenty of possible answers:\n\nCould be quite a bit of detailed backstory to it... I'm thinking that  maybe when he arrived nobody realized he had these issues - and not to mention going by the sons reaction maybe this is the first time he's really seen it.\n\nThe fact he still has the gun mean this IS the first time he's done something like this. Going by the sons reasonably calm reaction at first makes me think he had no idea about this, so when his father claimed \"Its been several years\" he realizes only then that his fathers mind has collapsed almost entirely over the course of three days since he last saw him...\n\nWhich to me makes it even more impactful, it's not this 'slow, sad fall into loss', it's the initial impact, shock and horror that this person you love will never be the same again. Heck - maybe three days ago he saw it but was in denial.","duuuuuude","Amazing story, it reminded me of Stephen King's short story *Batman and Robin Have an Altercation*. Pop into a Barnes and Noble and check it out in Bazaar of Bad Dreams.","Damnit Kevin.","Holy shit that ending hit me right in the guts.\n\nStupid onions in my place made the eyes all wet. ","This is wonderful. Wasn't expecting the end, bravo","If I had the money for gold, you'd get it. My grandmother is living with Alzheimer's in a home. There's nothing harder than watching that gradual descent.","10/10. *Fuck*","The ending was fucking perfect, fury. The reveal played out amazingly, and seeing that the father has Alzheimers is a huge tearjerker. Bravo.","Thank you!!","/u/resonatingfury, why you gotta make an old guy cry? Ya neva call and you write the sad stories.","&gt; \"Keep the damn channel still, you're going to give me vertigo.\"\n&gt; \n&gt; He shushed her. \"Quiet, Doris. My son might be on TV again and I need to find him.\"\n\nDoes Doris just not care about their son either, or her husbands history? Does she not also have a back story? ","She lives in the home with him, but that's not his wife","Yep!","Doris is not the James's husband, nor Kevin's mother. She is another resident of the elderly home.  \nI'd assume Doris also suffers from some form of dementia, due to her mistaking James for an unknown Frank, possibly her husband. Either that or she's a bit blind and deaf and Frank is another resident of the home.","She's just a passing character! ","Okay, you made me cry a little. Nicely done, you jerk.","sorrynotsorry","Andrew adjusted the stocking over his face. It clung to his forehead with all the grace of a condom. Which was fitting, because he was feeling like a bit of a dick. \n\n\"Hold on, honey. Let me help you with that.\" Sylvia pulled the bunched up nylon down past her husband's lips. \"Now you look the part. Shall we go over the plan?\"\n\n\"Sure. Hey, are these the new nylons? They smell sour,\" complained Andrew, scratching at his disguise. \n\n\"Of course, dearest.\" To tell the truth, Sylvia hadn't treated herself to any new clothes for months, which is why she was just right then enjoying the silky rasp of a brand new pair of stockings whilst Andrew was breathing air filtered through the sweat stained fabric of her old ones. She sighed at the snug fit on her legs under that staid skirt she'd put on for the PLAN. Those gams had been the talk of the town back in the day. Twelve new year resolutions to get trim had fallen by the wayside. So many other things to do. \n\n\"OK. According to the Instagram account of our dear Mister Metropolis, junction of first and fourth is his patch. He does the evening to two am shift, and he's got a clean record there so far, so a purse snatching is something he's gotta respond to. I grab the bag and duck into the third alley on the right to search it. You join me in five.\"\n\n\"Just like old times, Andy. Give us a kiss before we go.\"\n\n---\n\nAndrew was wheezing as he upended the bag, scattering makeup, receipts and the other mysterious contents of Sylvia's purse onto the concrete. Thirty years and he still had no clue what she put in there. He glanced at his watch. Three minutes. Mister Metropolis was late. And that was the last thing he recalled before a shadow at his side unfolded itself and clocked him so hard across the chin that he was lifted several feet off the ground and smack into the brown brick of the alley. \n\nMister Metropolis stood over him, every inch the superhero. His trading card listed him with superhuman speed, strength and reflexes. The man was sculpted like a corn fed greek god, blond hair, blue eyes, chiselled chin. Muscles rippled under skin tight spandex in blue and gold, clinging to every inch of his body like it had been spray painted on. \n\n\"Jeff Pimble. You will stop right there and help your father up this instant.\"\n\nThe shriek occupied a very specific frequency in the reptilian hindbrain of sons everywhere and brooked no argument. Mister Metropolis, or Jeff, as it were, was already on his knees and picking Andrew up before his higher brain functions kicked in. \n\n\"Mom?\"\n\n\"Oh don't Mom me. You too good to call your parents once in awhile? Too good to come home for Christmas? What's with that hair? What's wrong with with brown?\"\n\nSylvia rattled on; she had the lung capacity of a synchronized swimmer once she had her blood up and, with her hands on her hips and her voice climbing up an octave, her blood was most definitely up. Jeff unfolded his bulk into the naughty dog slouch known to teenage boys everywhere, still trying to fathom how a routine crime bust was rapidly spiralling down into the fourth worst day of his life. For the record, two of the top three also involved his mother. One of them involved an unlocked bathroom door and, regrettably, a wrinkled and much stained Penthouse magazine. It would have been so bad if his mother didn't automatically list all his past sins in reverse chronological order whenever she got started on him, all the way back to the stitches she'd needed after childbirth. \n\nHis train of thought, already teetering on the verge of balance, was totally derailed when his mother gave an ear shattering shriek. \"What in the name of Joseph, Mary and all the saints are you wearing?\"\n\nJeff looked down at his spandex covered body, from his immense pecs (voted Mr Superhero Body Beautiful two years running!) to his superman sized codpiece (never be nutshot again!) and felt the heat rise from his neck to the tip of his ears. \n\n\"Go easy on the boy, Sylvia. How ya doin' son?\"\n\n\"Ummm, hi dad. Not bad I suppose. Are you alright? I hit you pretty hard.\"\n\n\"Nah, I'm good. Truth be told, I've been hit a lot harder back in the day. I'm a little rusty, but I still got it.\" Andrew mimed a classic boxers pose, giving Jeff a playful shot to the shoulder. Jeff grimaced, that tap hurt more than it should have. \"What your momma wants to know is why you don't call any more.\"\n\nSylvia had closed the distance between them and was tying her sweater around the waist of her son, censoring the offending member from any young innocents in the vicinity. \n\n\"I can't be seen around you folks, dad. You know how many enemies I have?\"\n\n\"Ah, I suppose that's why you got all your powers from those government labs instead of having them from when you were a wee lad?\"\n\n\"Have you been looking through my Facebook page, dad?\"\n\n\"Your ma does it. I'm not so good with computers.\"\n\n\"It's all about the ratings, nobody wants to believe someone who grew up on a farm can be a superhero,\" said the boy, still trying to push his mother away from his waist. \n\n\"So you couldn't at least pick up the phone, call your ma once in awhile?\"\n\n\"It's a tough world for heroes. What with all the interviews, sponsors and all that social media stuff, I'm lucky if I have time to fight crime at all.\"\n\n\"Here's the funny thing, son. Sounds to me that you're kinda ashamed of what you are. Or worried that your enemies will come after your folks.\" The older man got to his feet, brushed the dust off his clothes and took the arm of his wife. \"Sometimes you just gotta remember the important things. Like maybe how you got to be so strong in the first place.\" \n\nThe couple left then, leaving Mister Metropolis to stare, open mouth, at the network of cracked bricks his father had left in the wall. \n","wait so is the father super strong? If so, that is awesome.","I assumed after reading that and when the dad asked him about getting his super powers at a lab instead when he was a \"Wee lad\"","Scottish, can confirm, freakishly strong for looking like a pudgy slightly overweight guy","Yeah that part was a little clunky, but that's what I got out of it too. \n\n\nOP, otherwise great job! ","I'm not the only person who assumes \"Mister Metropolis\" is literally Superman, right? Even mentions living on a farm :)","I was thinking \"Mister Metropolis\" is the son of Superman, and Andrew/Sylvia would be a renamed Clark/Lois","‘Five hundred kilograms?!’ \n\n‘That… that’s right,’ Electro stared at his toes, and played with the strap on his eye mask.\n\n‘What’s wrong? This bust will be gigantic! We will be all over the news,’ Flame slapped his brother on the back, grinning, ‘we are going to be famous! No one will be talking about batman, they’ll be chatting about Flame and his kid brother Electro!’ \n\n‘Well… it’s just…well, it’s tea,’ Electro glanced up, blowing out his cheeks.\n\n‘They stole five hundred kilograms… of tea?’\n\n‘Yes, tea…’ \n\n‘Okay… well, to the um, super-mobile… I guess,’ Flame motioned with his hand to follow, letting his sentence drift as he pondered the motive behind such a tea heist.\n\n--\n\nThe truck swerved across the highway, barely keeping on the road as it skidded through the night. Electro followed closely, trying to keep up as Flame sat on the edge of his seat whispering, ‘go, go, go’.\n\nThe breaks screeched as the truck turned into an abandoned warehouse. Likely story, thought Flame as he unbuckled his seatbelt, ready to spring into action.\n\nElectro swung into the parking lot, parking carefully between the white lines. The masked assailants hobbled into the warehouse in front of them.\n\n‘Ah-ha! We got’em now Electro!’ Flame yelled as he charged through the open door. His hands igniting, flames bursting from his chest.\n\n--\n‘Could you pass the tea, dear?’ Joan chimed.\n\nElectro and Flame stood in the doorway, their mouths slightly ajar.\n\n‘Oh look Joan! The boys are here!’ Albert announced, adjusting his glasses.\n","The name electro distracted me too much. I kept thinking of [this](http://static9.comicvine.com/uploads/scale_small/0/8460/203992-30941-electro.jpg)","dat face","IMO 'adjusting his glasses' makes the story less powerful. It should end with the twist. Otherwise great.","I disagree. I think it adds to the jarring fact that they're just sitting there, calmly, whereas the brothers are excited and wanting action.","\"Honey, that's a lot of forks.\"\n\n\"Five hundred and fifty three boxes.\"\n\n\"A whole lot of forks.\"\n\n\"And, yet, the kids still aren't here.\"\n\nMabel stepped back from the wall of plastic forks that had been stashed in their garage. She looked around, \"Maybe if we start stealing spoons...\"\n\nRhett shrugged, \"I like sporks.\"\n\n\"Do they even sell sporks at the Piggly-Wiggly?\"\n\nRhett sighed as he made his way to the main house door. \"Maybe we are going about this all wrong. Maybe we should be hitting up the Walmart instead of the local chain places. They have security cameras everywhere. They are quicker with the cops.\"\n\nMabel followed Rhett into the house. They made their way to the kitchen, where newspaper clippings covered every inch of the walls, cabinets and fridge. Clippings of their superhero children performing acts of bravery. Stopping robberies. Fighting the criminal underground. Rescuing people from disasters. Uncovering murderers. The list seemed endless. They were always busy living up to their status as the world's greatest superheroes. Mabel and Rhett were so proud of them. Only it had been a long time since they had seen them in person. Six years, four months and eight days if you asked Rhett. The kids had even stopped returning their calls. The last sign of communication Rhett had received from them was a text that read, \"Still alive. Fighting aliens. Luv you.\" \n\nThat was two years ago. \n\nRhett and Mabel understood their kids had a life of their own but enough was enough. They were still family. And family keeps in touch with each other. The end of the world scenarios be damned. \n\nMabel was the one who came up with the idea of turning to a life of crime to get the kids' attention. \"Teenagers do it all the time. Turn to pretty crimes to get their parents' attention. Shrinks call it, \"cries for help.\" We can do something like that.\"\n\n\"What? Arson?\"\n\n\"No. No. Never. Nothing where people can get physically hurt. I am thinking more like vandalizing walls. Or prank calling.\"\n\n\"Can't do prank calling anymore. Everyone has caller IDs on their phones.\"\n\n\"You know what I mean. Simple things. Things that would raise red flags with the kids.\" Mabel's face lit up. \"Maybe if we are good at this, the kids could throw us an intervention.\"\n\nRhett mirrored her smile. \"Everyone come back at once?\"\n\n\"Yes. I can bake a cake. Maybe even have dinner.\"\n\n\"They aren't going to like this.\"\n\nMabel shrugged at she went to the closet to get her coat. \"If they don't like it then they should visit more often. How about we start with shoplifting? Is there anything we need?\"\n\nRhett grabbed his scarf, \"You can never have too many forks.\" \n\nThe two headed out the door to the car.\n\nThat was two weeks ago. Two weeks of stealing plastic forks and stashing them in their garage. \n\nRhett opened up the fridge and pulled out the milk. He poured himself a glass. \"What about Target instead of Walmart. Get it? *Target.* Or do you think that is a little too on the nose?\"\n\n\"No, we need it to be too on the nose. Honey, I love our kids. They are good kids but, frankly, I think it's time for us to realize that they are dense. We need to make a bigger splash. And I think you are on the right track.\"\n\n\"So, Target. Sporks?\"\n\n\"Walmart. Guns.\"\n\n\"*GUNS*?\" Rhett stared at his wife. He did not like the idea of that. \n\nMabel tried to wave away his displeasure with her hands. \"Or weapons. Or better yet, we buy the ingredients to build a bomb. A big one.\"\n\n\"I-I don't know about that. We could be getting a visit from the FBI if we do that.\"\n\n\"Honey, we know the kids work along side with the FBI. What do you think they will do if they see someone trying to buy the ingredients to bombs in our little town?\"\n\nRhett bit his lip. \"They would come to us to make sure we are safe.\"\n\n\"Exactly.\"\n\nRhett finished his milk. \"This is a ridiculous idea, Mabel. We could get in so much trouble if this blows up in our faces.\"\n\n\"If it blows up in our faces the kids will still come running to help us. Either way, we win.\"\n\nRhett closed his eyes and thought for a moment. \"Okay. Fire up the computer. Let's see what we need to get to make a bomb...\"\n\nedit:spelling","Please continue, this is really good","My favorite so far","Not an elderly couple, just a father. \n\nJohn awoke to the same buzzing noise he'd been hearing for the last 15 years, the buzzing and beeping of his daughters' landline.\n\n\"Oh great another early morning, wonder if I'll see them today before bed.\" Mumbled John as he got up and looked at the clock, 4:30 AM it read. \"Morning Karen.\" He says looking at the empty side of his bed and at the framed picture on the nightstand. It held the image of his late wife and mother to his daughters. \n\n\"Might as well get some work done today.\" As he puts on his black dress pants and white shirt, hearing his three daughters fly out of the house. \n\n\"Synthesizing test sample 030103.....\n..\n. Complete, traces of compound found, molecular structure unstable. Reproduced result: Negative.\" John's basement computer reads. \n\nIt had been 30 years since he had discovered a scientific fluke and bestowed super human abilities on his infant daughters accidentally. At first it was great, they could fly, were near invincible and had distinct personalities that both conflicted and strengthened their relationship. It was only after a year when their mother, Karen was abducted, they never got a ransom or heard anything besides that she was gone. \n\nThe daughters decided they did not want to leave it to the police and used their powers to search for her, stopping crime as they saw it. \n\nOver their search they stopped monsters, villains, robbers and helped the local police clean up their city. They drew attention and adoration from the city, the Mayor declared them the City's protectors and had a phone installed in their home and his office. It was to be used for emergencies. \n\n\"Pft, emergencies.\" Scoffs John as he remembers these events.\n\nOn the day he lost Karen he lost so much more, his daughters. They were out all day and most of the night from the day that phone was installed. Putting out fires and dealing with the ridiculous emergencies the Mayor seemed to find. \n\nBesides the occasional greeting he never interacted with his daughters anymore, they left before he got up and went to bed before he knew they were home. His attempts to communicate were met with anecdotes of their crime stoppage and how they couldn't give up searching for their mom. \n\n\"Synthesizing test sample 030104.....\n..\n. Complete, traces of compound found, molecular structure stable. Reproduced result: Positive.\" Beeped the computer. \n\n\"Holy shit, I did it, I made the compound again!\" Yelled John. \n\nHe donned his protective suit, a helmet and visor, lead-titanium plated chest piece and slip resistant combat boots; and entered the testing chamber. He took it at a run giddy that he had finally done it. \n\nBoom. \n\nThe compound exploded out of its dish and coated John, he had forgotten that it was pressurized inside and hadn't waited for it to drop before entering. \n\nIt was over, he lay on the ground. All his work had just been undone, his synth computer lay in wreckage around his basement. \n\nHe just wanted it gone, to be able to have his wife and daughters back to normal, but he wouldn't get that. \n\nHe opened his eyes and found himself floating in midair. \n\n\"I can fly?\" Gasped John. \n\nHis experiment had worked, but not in the way he wanted. He wanted a cure to Compound X, now he'd infected himself and miraculously had super human powers as well. \n\nThus PowerProf was born, using his super hero powers Professor, John, Father, decided to dedicate his life to finding his wife and reconnecting with his daughters. \n\n*Cue* Theme song. ","Hahaha it took me until that last paragraph. \n\nI like that description of what happened too. Awesome response :) ","It had been three weeks since Betty had last spoken to her son. Three weeks of pottering aimlessly around the house just trying to keep busy, whilst always hoping to hear the metallic jangle of the house phone. \n\nWhen it did finally ring her heart began to beat fast. She broke into a fast shuffle and almost stumbled down the stairs in her excitement. \n\n'Hello. You could be entitled to free phone cal-'\n\nAs she hung up the phone her heart sank down into her slippers. She walked up the stairs and entered Thomas's old room. She fished out an old costume she had knitted for him back when he was just getting started. It had a big golden albatross emblazoned on it. She huddled up to it and wept.\n\nWhen Betty awoke she was resolute. She *would* see her son. Betty went to her little work room and took to her knitting equipment. She began her work. It had been a while and her fingers weren't as nimble as they once were.\n\nThe next day she stared proudly infront of the full length mirror in the bathroom. The tan coloured cougar costume was fairly accurate. The paunch of her stomach stretched the latex more than she would have wanted, but the long sleek tail made up for it. Anyway, the costume wasn't important, not really.\n\nShe took out her deceased husbands old berretta, God bless his soul, and waited until evening. \n\nThe Bingo hall was full. She walked in and breathed deeply. After saying a little prayer she went ahead with her plan. She pulled out her weapon and shot it into the roof. They handed over the nights prize money easy enough. \n\nShe felt very bad about scaring all the people who were only out for a fun night. She saw two of her friends seated nearby, Martha and Lenny. She gave them a quick wave before realising what she was doing. Martha looked confused but waved back. Betty left as quickly as she could.\n\nShe made the morning paper. They called her the Crawling Cougar - she supposed it was on account of her leisurely speed.\n\nHer next heist went even better than the first. It was during the third Bingo hall heist that he finally turned up, but things hadn't gone to plan. \n\nThe Albatross had flown in heroically through the Bingo hall roof. Rubble and detritus rained down from the hole he had created and a large piece of concrete landed on Betty. \n\nAlbatross walked over and threw the rubbish off of her but it was too late; the damage was done. Her ribs had been crushed and a pool of blood gathered around her.\n\n'I - I only wanted to see *cough* you Thomas. I'm sorry for the trouble I caused.'\n\nThe Albatross gently peeled off her mask and began to sob.\n\n'Don't cry Thomas. I'm so glad I got to see you one last time.' \n\nHer head fell limply to the side and her eyes closed one. There was a tiny smile on her wrinkled face.\n","Nooo to dark. TOO DARK DAMMIT","Don't worry, she gets cpr and it's all ok!","CPR? That'd be like sticking your hands in a bowl of warm jello.","oh\n\nthank you ever so much for that visual i did not need","LIES","Damn, poor Betty :/ ","lol it goes from comic book realism to real realism, I like it.","Jesus. Came here to give support, because we all need it sometimes. But this is dark, damn. Gonna cry myself to sleep now. Good job, tho. Keep at it!","Thanks, appreciate it :)","I liked it","**\"And this just in, we have reports of an ongoing low speed chase in the suburban town of Stuartsville. Let's throw it live to Action 7 reporter Jill Haisley for more information. Jill?\"**\n\n\"Thanks, Scott. First reports started trickling in about a chase in progress almost twenty minutes ago, and we now have the Action 7 helicopter overhead to follow any developments. There's no official word out of the Stuartsville Police Department, whose patrol cars are currently following the suspect's vehicle at about 23 miles per hour down Constitution Avenue. A number of our Action 7 Citizen Reporters have tweeted us about what they saw, a few of which read:\n\n*Elderly couple in buick refusing to move from left lane, left blinker is on. @action7news*\n\n*Crowds gathering to watch chase on sidewalk. Old man driving w/2 hands on wheel, grandma throwing #werthersoriginal out window @action7news*\n\n*#CalgonIn60Seconds couple blasting Tony Bennett's Greatest Hits, telling police to \"skedaddle.\"*\n\nLike I said, Scott, still no official word from the local authorities, so we're unable to confirm any of the rumors that are flying around...\"\n\n---\n\"I made my pot roast, Charlie! You know how much they used to love my pot roast!\" \n\n\"I know, Edith, I know! You try to raise a kid right, and the second they buy a mask and an armor-plated suit, they don't have any time to come over and look at pictures from our trip to Key West!\" Charlie Adams, 82, struggled with the  manual window crank on Buick LeSabre. \n\nRetired receptionist Edith Adams, winner of the 1954 Ms. Lux Soap Flakes pageant in Bromfield County, threw another handful of Werther's Original out the window. She had six more bags after her trip to the supermarket this morning, having found a 25% off coupon in Wednesday's paper.\n\n---\nThe Masked Shadow, protector of the innocent, scourge of those who wish to do evil, and first trumpet for the 1982 Bromfield High School marching band, sighed as he turned off the TV. A life of anonymous crime fighting has its fill of regrets, he thought, but none larger than the time he promised his mother that he enjoyed her overcooked pot roasts.\n\n---\nJitterbug your way over to [r/highpothetically](https://www.reddit.com/r/highpothetically/) to read and subscribe to my other stories.","Some people collect stamps. Some people collect cards. Some people collect stones.\n\nDan collected headlines. He had been collecting headlines for years. In his younger years he had been a newspaper editor, and years before that, his dream was to write headlines. He wanted to shock the world. He wanted to make the dull seem extraordinary, and the interesting seem fantastic.\n\n###DUST BOWL STRENGTHENS\n\nHe flipped through his headlines while drinking his morning coffee. Blonde, no cream, no sugar. It tasted foul, and he liked it that way. His mind wandered down memory lane as he recalled the Depression, and how he finally had his first chance to write a story late in the 30's after he met Ilene. Ilene was the daughter of an editor, and they got engaged soon after Dan's writing career began. \n\n###AMERICA UNDER ATTACK\n\nIlene was pivotal in helping Dan write his first big stories, about the War. When the bombs struck Hawaii, when Dan was sure he would be drafted, and when Ilene got pregnant for the first time...Ilene had always been stronger than Dan. \n\nDan looked up at Ilene, across the table from him. She was smiling back at him, as she always did. Dan looked back down at the headlines.\n\n###AMERICA STORMS NORMANDY\n\nAs war was occurring, their first was born. He was James, named after the King, since he helped to keep his parents strong. After Japan surrendered, their second was born. Ilene was lucky to make it through that night; the doctors were sure either she or the baby would die. A surgeon was somehow able to keep them both alive, and the second baby was born. She was Joy, and she was all the joy that Ilene and Dan ever needed.\n\n###JOHNSON ESCALATES WAR\n\nBy the time the war in Vietnam was raging, Dan was an editor. James was a pilot in the airforce, and Joy was studying to become a surgeon. \n\nDan stared deep into the headline, recalling that Joy and James refused to talk to one another over their stances on the war. Their family had been so happy and so peaceful. He recalled Joy leaving a family reunion in tears, reminding James that her fiance had been shot by friendly fire during the war, even as James insisted that the war was for the betterment of the world.\n\nHer fiance died later that week. She never found love again.\n\n###OPERATION DESERT SHIELD\n\nAs yet another war raged on, Dan began to feel pressure from the media around him. He felt that newspapers were starting to be turned down in favor of nightly television news, or even live news, which he felt was impossible to compete with. \n\nJames was a commander of some sort, stationed far away. After the fiasco at the family reunion, he claimed that he would never find love in solidarity with Joy. Dan later learned that James was actually infertile, and when his girlfriend at the time found out, she had cheated on him and left him. \n\nJames had been gone for years, and Joy refused to talk to Dan and Ilene because she felt that they had betrayed her when her fiance was dying. James was out serving the country, a hero, and Joy was nearing the end of her own career as a surgeon. \n\nDan stopped reading the headlines. He looked at Ilene and told her \"I'm going for a walk.\" \n\nHe stepped into the cold wearing his slacks and a sweater. It had been a lonely twenty five years. Before then, it had been lonely as well. They never heard from James or Joy. Ilene had gotten crippled in her loneliness away from her children. She never forgave herself for Joy leaving. Every time Ilene had tried to call, Joy said she was too busy saving people. \n\nIlene began harming herself, hoping her super hero would come to save her. Dan only found out when he walked into their room and she was bleeding out, with previous scars along her arms. He recalled Ilene looking up at him and asking calmly if Joy was there to save her.\n\nJoy wasn't there, and the doctors weren't fast enough.\n\nJoy showed up the next week, with James. They stayed a week to help Dan get settled back in, and they decided to fly cross country, just the two of them, to reunite their friendship. It was the happiest Dan had been in a long time, knowing his son and daughter were finally friends again. He never heard from them again. \n\nIt had been twenty five years since Ilene passed. Twenty five years since he put her picture at her place at the kitchen table. Twenty five years since his last headline. Dan looked down at the river below, and felt sick to his stomach thinking about how deadly a fall from the bridge could be. He had done some reading, though, and he knew it would be painless.\n\nHe pulled himself over and looked down again. The house was clean, the will was written, and the only thing not put away were his headlines. \n\nDan took a deep breath and let himself fall.\n\nOn the kitchen table was his final headline.\n\n###Plane Crash in Appalachia; No Survivors","This by far has been the best read so far...SO dark and utterly intriguing. ","“Janice.” Her husband said her name but it was the way he said it that made Janice decidedly not look at him. “Janice can we please talk about this?” Arnold’s voice was getting more high pitched as he tried to change his stubborn wife’s mind. She was already half way to the car with two grocery bags gripped in her fists. Money seemed to be stuffed hap-hazardly into the faded bags, with some whipping out the top because of Janice’s brisk pace. \n\n“Get in the car Arnold, you can hide in there if you like…” The woman spoke harshly as she approached a beige mini-van. In honesty, the thing had seen better days, but that was not the point of the money, Janice and Arnold didn’t really want for anything, except the attention of their daughter. \n\n“What if she doesn’t show up like last time?” Arnold queried as he rounded the van to get into the passenger side. \n\n“Then we’ll just have to up our game,” Janice mumbled resolutely as she dropped the bags to her feet and waited. She didn’t seem to care as some of the bills had fluttered loose of their confines and fell at her feet. \n\nThe police sirens in the distance did nothing to weaken her resolute stance. She knew the call had gone out over the scanner, the place they had ‘robbed’ was owned by a friend. Janice had promised to return all the money plus a little for trouble once the deed was done. \n\nMore sirens joined the din of ones already blaring as Janice kept her eyes overhead. It was pale blue with a smattering of clouds and not much cover, she’d see her daughter before she was seen.\n\nThe sound of cars zooming down narrow alleys let Janice know the police would round on them soon, but she had to hope Vanessa would get to them first.\nMemories began to swirl in the calm of Janice’s mind. Memories of her daughter who’d long ago left her. Hair braiding, first kisses, Vanessa had confided it all in Janice, and now she wouldn’t even acknowledge a phone call or Facebook message. Janice clenched her fists at the thought of it all. These were the lengths she had to go to see her daughter.\n\nAs if on cue the sound of something flying overhead made Janice lower her gaze as her daughter, in all her power landed before her. A gust of wind, and Vanessa had two feet on the ground, and was staring puzzled at her mother.\n\n“Mom?” Vanessa looked a sight, she’d made some changes to her costume since they’d last seen each other, all black and midnight purple. It seemed to be made of some hardened material that hugged her daughter’s figure. A small mask hid the space around her light brown eyes that were now widened in surprise.\n\n“Well, I hope you’re happy…do you see what happens when you don’t bother to call or visit? I have to resort to…drastic measures.” Janice replied, her arms now crossed over her chest. She wasn’t so old that this had no effect, especially on her daughter who raised an eyebrow by the movement of her mask.\n\nA disbelieving scoff came from Vanessa’s lips as she adopted the stance her mother was in, no thought to the cops who were getting closer. “Are you…are you kidding me?” she asked as she took a step towards her mother. If Janice hadn’t raised her, she would have been intimidating.\n\n“Well,” Janice drew, letting the word roll on for a few syllables longer than it needed, “I know we’ve had our differences…”\n\n“Differences?” Vanessa burst in now only a foot from her mother, and towering over her by a few inches, “You kicked me out of the house the first time you found me levitating things in my room…oh wait, that was after you tried to convince our parish priest I was possessed!”  Janice recoiled at her daughter’s angry words, her back to the beige van now. \n\n“I was…trying to help you…” Janice tried to reason, “It was for your own good!” \n\n“I tried to tell you over and over that I DIDN’T and DON’T need help,” Vanessa shook her head, trying to not let it fall into her leather gloved hands. “I am the help, Mom…” She added in a softer, sadder tone. \nThe sound of rubber on pavement signaled the arrival of the cops, and Vanessa sighed.\n\n“Believe it or not, I help those who need it, and you two, hi Dad,” Vanessa looked around her stubborn mother and waved to her timid father in the car, “Clearly need a different kind of help…Give uncle Jimmy back his money, and stop it with this stupid crap.” \n\n“I won’t stop until you come home, Jason and Darren both still ask about you, you could go back to school. Lead a NORMAL life.” Janice pushed and moved towards her daughter as if to embrace her. She was rebuffed harshly as Vanessa stepped back. \n\n“Mom, this is who I am. I’m not normal, and no amount of your amateur heist….bullshit is going to change that.”\n\nThe first squad car was parked and two men were stepping out, it was hard to miss Vanessa standing there “Valkyrie…a pleasure as always. Did the job for us again?” A round man in a police uniform asked as he stepped up to the talking pair. \n\n“As always Officer Claire, “ Vanessa put on her best smile, “I caught her trying to escape after robbing Jimmy’s BBQ House, all the money should be here.” \nJanice was holding her breath for Vanessa to come to her senses. \n\n“This woman was the sole perp, but she gave up easy…maybe a night in jail to set her straight?” Vanessa wasn’t looking at her mother anymore, or she would have seen the look of pure horror on her face. Officer Claire seemed to question Vanessa’s judgement for a moment before nodding and moving to handcuff a shocked Janice.\n\nVanessa turned and shook her head, “It’s for your own good.” \n","I love this! Go Valkyrie! ","\"Seriously, I'm trying to run for Senator of New York state. Do you know how much this can harm me?\n\nYes I know my brother tried to kill himself, don't try to change the subject.\n\nAttention?  Stop thinking about yourself.  This is the chance to serve my entire state rather than individual people.  You always criticized me for that.  Are you happy now?\n\nWell thank you.  I appreciate that.  And just to let you know, I convinced the owners not to press charges or file a police report.  This is not justice, but love.\n\nDon't be that way, we both know the next couple of months are going to be difficult.  Doesn't mean I love you.\n\nI'll try to keep in touch better.\"","Nathan always seemed like a dick to me.","I always thought Heroes was an interesting take on superheroes.  I can fly, big deal, I'm running for Senator.","I really enjoyed it at first, but the carnival season was so odd, and not in a good way. Still haven't seen the revival yet.","Season 1 is the only good one for me.","####A/N: My first WP. Constructive criticism and feedback is much appreciated. Thanks guys.\n\n\nMurph stared glassy-eyed at the phone, waiting. How long had it been? An hour? Two? He didn't know. A throbbing, dull ache in the side of his neck told him it was time for his pills. These days, getting up was an effort; he braced his hands against the armrest and heaved himself off the chair, staggering into the bathroom. \n\nThe only time he'd every get a bit of life back was when Jude called. Which was, now, never. The endless cycle had taken its toll on him. The spirited, rugged man who could hike five miles and still laugh around at a campfire with his daughter and her friends, grab a beer with their fathers was gone. In his place, there stood a wizened, stooped, wrinkled man with nary a hair on top of his head. \n\n\"Dammit, Jude. Where are you!\" he growled, with surprising intensity. \n\nHe'd had enough. He needed to clear his head. \n\nIt took him ten minutes to get everything and make his way to the door. Inhaler, check. Pills, check. Blue-glowy-thingy, check (he'd always have that one, Jude gave it to him in case of an emergency.)\n\nThe cold winter night pierced his lungs, as cold as that bitch Jenny, his ex-wife. He huddled closer and started down the near-abandoned street. Nearly everything was closed, it was creeping up to midnight after all. But this was the smack middle of the 401 freeway; there was bound to be some 24/7 open. \n\nHe neared a bright convenience store after about half an hour, the sign hung crooked and amid the stains, dirt and grime of nearly fifteen years on the window, it read \"OPEN\". He pushed his way in, covertly checking for signs of a camera or watchmen. The lone cashier was sprawled in his chair, snoring the night away, with a half-empty beer and a old laptop with muted TV-show-thing that started with N, running in the background. He never could get that name right. \n\nThe sneaking around, creeping in the cold, subterfuges in the middle of the night.... They all brought back memories of childhood, of simpler times. Times when the thrill of the chase was everything. That same thrill, despite being a mere shadow of what it was, rushed back to him in an instant.\n\nHe savored it. \n\nHe walked in with a steady foot-after-foot, trying to make as little noise as possible. Reaching the end of the aisle, he glanced around one last time, making sure that there was no one in sight. \n\nIt was like a he was in a trance; he started shoving entire racks worth of items and merchandise into the white garbage bag he had brought. Cans of soup, toothbrushs, condoms, pens, everything he could grab. \n\nHe hurried out as quickly as he could, trying to maneuver the heavy bag with his weak arms. \n\n*BANG*\n\nThe bag was flung in the air, an expletive filled the air and the drunk cashier jerked awake. The most jarring was the uniformed sherrif he had just bumped into.\n\n\"What in the name of-\" a rough voice uttered. \n\n***************************\n\nThe handcuffs were a blur, he couldn't remember what happened after bumping into the sherrif and being bundled into his car. He couldn't remember the ride to the station. But the worst of all, he couldn't remember why he decided to do it.\n\n*******************************\n\nAs a child, he would often get caught shoplifting, it never amounted to anything serious, just a stern reprimand and an occasional call to the father. I always hung my head, looked at my shoes and promised not to do it again. Except when my father came. I'd raise my head and look him straight in the eye, not saying a word. \n\nIt was the only time he acknowledged me. \n\n**************************************\n\nI sat on the lumpy cot, staring at the bars in front of me. \n\n*Why*\n\nThe question stil rebounded in my head.\n\nI closed my eyes, lost in memory lane.\n\nSuddenly the bed shifted, as if another person was sitting next to me the whole time. A faint scent of jasmine lingered in the air; her favorite perfume.\n\nJude. Finally.\n\nWithout opening my eyes, I whispered my voice broke, \"Why didn't you call, Judy. You promised you'd call.\" \n\nIn my mind, I saw my father. When they opened, I saw Jude. \n\nI started to sob.\n\n*************\n\nJoe sat in the mental healthcare center's criminal ward, annoyed and frowing at the stack of papers in front of him. Paperwork again. That 'old man who robbed a store' case was taking up too much time; he was getting late. He remembered receiving the case, handed to him by his supervisor. He had talked to the SW handling the case, she was particularly passionate about the man. It seemed that she'd done everything for him, cooked his meals, cleaned his place and taken care of him.  \n\nAt least that social worker was hot, he visualized her soft curves, great smile in his head, an appreciative grin of his own fighting its way onto his face. He had her number too. \n\n*Why not?* \n\nHe pulled out his phone, searcing for the contact. Jude was it? ","Marie never used to know how many times a phone rings until it goes to voicemail. Never in her life had it ever become relevant. Nights staying up with her friends in with her old dial phone, calling Andrew Marks, star of the wrestling team, or any other cute boy the other girls could posit to each other through high-pitched giggles.\n\n\"You've reached Tomas Edwards. I would say all that stuff, but you already know all that stuff bye.\" \n\n*beep*\n\nThe Elfin wood princess of the Lord of the Rings said in her soothing river voice the most irritable command her 82 year old ears had heard, and regrettably, would continue hearing every time she made the hopeless attempt to contact her grandson. \n\n*At the tone, please record you message. After you are done recording your message, press 1.*\n\nThe image of Elfin princess tragically tumbling off a tree branch, her soothing voice breaking into pathetic screams. \n\nShe rubbed her forehead, her dyed-blonde curls bouncing with her hand as she moved the skin back and forth, trying to relieve the tension. \n\nTomas had told her the superhero business was going to be time consuming, and she had accepted that, willingly. All the social stigma that the idea proposed flooded her mind with scenes of Bridge parties where the topic of conversation drifted to the valiant and altruistic acts of courage Captain Tomas had performed that day. And then she would pipe up, between bites of cheese cubes that that was her grandson, and she could remember the days when he would run through her house acting as if his action figures were flying. And everyone would laugh heartily with the memories of their own grandchildren laughing with the glee of innocence; and ignorance. The laughter would slowly fade as the silence crept in because of the daunting realization that their grandchildren were no longer in the ignorant youth of childhood, but now new about the evils of the world. They no longer giggled with meaningless glee as grandma tickled them under the armpit. They no longer cried at meaningless tragedies such as pricking their pinky finger on the car seat. No, they cried to real woes. The woes of lost love, broken friendships, losing their careers. And these woes are kept hidden from their grandparents, as we toil away our days with meaningless cheese parties, trying to forget the days of meaning. \n\nIt seems the natural way of life. The rigid structure of society shoves her into her place roughly, strapping her down with cold chains that cut into her breast and leave red marks for weeks after, reminding her who had the power; and who was powerless. \n\nIf this is society's law, only breaking society's law can break the sorrow that comes  with. If her grandson would not head his own family because of his duty, she will make his family his duty. She will break the law. \n\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\n\"Mike,\" called Marie, summoning her cityboy spouse to plan the mission, \"if you were to commit a crime, what would it be?\"\n\n\"Well,\" Mike replied in his gruff construction worker voice, \"I suppose I would have to kill a lad. There's plenty of people that need a good killing I suppose.\"\n\nMarie scoffed. The idea seemed silly at first, yet acceptance emerged slowly from an unknown recess of her mind. A cave, somewhere buried in the wastelands of discarded emotions, hopes, and desires emerged an awaken dragon. Quickly flooding her mind with the fire of vengeance and redemption. If she ever needed anything before she died, it was this. \n\nMike went out into the shed to grab the rifles he had had since childhood. The wood was dusty against her wrinkled hands as they climbed into their Subaru, and headed out into the city. Mike had used these to shoot squirrels with his buddies since junior high he had said, must've been twenty or so years since it had been fired. \n\nThis was when reality hit her. Slapped her across the scalp so hard you are knocked against the wall. When you finally come too, you stand up slowly with a painful wince on your face and a hand on your head, squinting your eyes so hard that at first you can't see the person that hit you. But then, all of the sudden, your vision expands and you see the entirety of reality in lucid clarity as you gaze at wonder at the marvels of the world. \n\nMarie felt all of this and more as she gazed out the car window, the suburbs passing by. In any ordinary person this would have jolted them back to common sense, but this only redoubled her determination. Her mission was no longer blind will, it was reasoned duty. \n\n\"There she is,\" Marie spat out like iron machinery grinding a piece of scrap metal into a flat disk, \"there's the buggar that cheats in all of our Bridge games.\"\n\nThe soon-to-be-victim was walking briskly with a bright smile on her face, her arms swinging widely with each step, just as the article on the internet she had read about how to be an Assertive Female had said to do to emit confidence to observers. Her cute pink sweater was draped over her neck and was slowly sliding off to the right with the purposeful stride she was taking. \n\n\"Hello Dolores,\" Marie spake, her tone rivaling that of a mentally disturbed lemur just arrived home from Auschwitz.\n\nDolores paused in her stride. The greeting wasn't the plastic cheeriness of the hollow-skulled dimwits that she spent all her afternoons with so that her surprisingly clever and philosophical mind kept distracted and wasn't able to create the depressing emotions that it created due to the death of her husband the month before. Of whom, she had still not worked up the courage to call the police, or alert anyone of his condition, as each passing day made the task more and more daunting. How would she explain waiting so long to call?\n\nShe swiveled round in her tight shoes that cramped her toes up so badly that her doctor is recommending surgery to correct the bone straightness. This is idly refused due to her duty to maintain the persona. \n\nHer plastic smile was met with a led bullet and she dropped to the pavement. The blood blending in with her pink sweater. \n\nBefore Marie was able to lower her gun from the frightening scene, there was a rush of air as Tomas flew into the scene.\n\n\"Drop your weapon or be vaporized.\" he demanded in a commanding voice that he had carefully developed in ROTC. \n\n\"Oh Tomas, its you grandmother. Oh baby! how tall you are.\" Marie screeched with glee. \n\n\"3--\"\n\n\"Why? don't you recognize me Tomas? Its your--\"\n\n\"2\"\n\n\"-- grandmother. Come down here--\"\n\n\"1\"\n\nAnd with that the a flash of deep purple erupted from Tomas's fingers. Transforming the Subaru into a blackened smudge of charcoal. \n\n\"Damn batsh!t crazy old people.\" Tomas muttered, shaking his head in disgust. \n\n","\"This is suicide he'll kill us easily. You've seen the news, he shows no mercy\" \n\n\"Doesn't matter. Death is worth seeing our son again. We were the ones who ridiculed and rejected him when he left his ambitions as a business man in order to pursue heroing. Death is a price worth paying if it means we can see Saitama again\" ","The office building lay cold and empty on a Monday morning. The siren blared, with a pretty but cold voice telling everybody to evacuate. The building was empty except for a single occupant on the forty-sixth floor. She was humming a pop song of the eighties, while pouring soup out of a thermos flask. That was when the concrete wall came to life, crumbling to bits to let in the daylight. \n\n“Fear not, Mighty Kong is here!”\n\n“About time, too.” The granny’s response was surprisingly calm as she held up a hand to shield her eyes from the light. \n\nKong’s eyes took a second to adjust to the darker interior of the building. He heaved a mighty sigh. “Mum! Not again.” \n\n“I made soup, why don’t you come down and have some?”\n\n“But I’m busy.” Kong’s voice has always been infamously booming. But in that moment, he was mumbling. Slowly, he hovered closer and closer towards the elderly criminal. \n\n“I know you are, so I bought you some time. I picked four pockets – well, two of them caught me and gave me some change instead. I stole from the convenience store but the guy was like, nodding really violently to the noise in his earphones so he didn’t notice me at all. And here we are, a bomb hoax in the prime office building in the center of the city. Plenty to keep you occupied.”\n\n“That’s not how it works Mum…” the hero began.\n\n“Just hear yourself. Your throat sounds parched. C’mon, drink up before you say anything else.”\n\nKong let his toes slowly drop to the floor, and then his heels. A steaming bowl of soup was filled to the brim and set on the table, beside a thermos flask. Beside them were several wallets and some unopened packs of condoms. His mother was positively glowing with pride as she beamed at him. But her voice was dismissive. \n\n“Still having fun playing this hero thing eh?”\n\n“It’s not much fun at all. The hours are irregular, I am on standby all the time. I get all sweaty and just yesterday, the kid I saved made a comment about the smell. I don’t even have time to buy deordorant.” He sighed. “It’s work, Mum. I’ve got to protect the city.”\n\n“Right now, you’re protecting it from me. I’ll steal a few bottles of deordorant from the store next time. Here you go, drink up.” She held out the bowl of soup, which he finally took. \n\n“Please don’t steal anything anymore, Mum. I don’t enjoy turning you in.”\n\n“Well, if only I could **buy** it for you,” her voice escalated in pitch and loudness, and then she swallowed the emotion, “and have you show up.”\n\n“There, I’ve finished the soup.” He set down the bowl. “Please return those things Mum.” \n\nHis heels bounced off the ground ever so slightly. “I’ll be back for the weekend, if things aren’t so busy. I promise.”\n\nAnd then he zoomed into the distance until he became a speck in the blinding sunlight. \n\n“So all I’ve got to do is protect the city for the weekend, eh?” The granny muttered to herself as she went about keeping her things. \n\n---\n\n2nd drafts eventually go [here](https://fivenswrite.wordpress.com).","Shadow Man Wrapped the Darkness on the rooftop around the mans arms and neck. Not tight enough to actually hurt him but enough so that he would feel it. On the ground was a duffle bag that had been stuffed with cash but had now spilled everywhere \"I want you to remember what happened here today...\"\n\n\n\"Save it Tom Its me.\"\n\n\nHe paused for a moment then dragged the darkness away from the mans face to see him better. \"Dad? What are you doing here?\" He asked as he set him down.\n\n\n\"Well since you never call anymore I thought this was the best way to get your attention.\"\n\n\n\"Dad, I've been a little busy. How did you even know It was me?\"\n\n\n\"Oh please, I remember that phase you went through in high school. That costume looks pretty familiar.\"\n\n\nTom looked down at himself in mild embarrassment. \"Dad you could have just called me.\"\n\n\n\"You never answer.\"\n\n\n\"And now you know why! You call at the most inconvenient times. In case you didn't notice some serious shit has started happening over the last few months.\"\n\n\n\"Language Tommy.\" a woman's voice said behind him. She had a ski mask on, a black turtle neck, and a similar bag to the one his father had.\n\n\n\"Mom? are you Fucking Serious right now?\"\n\n\n\"Language Tommy, you'll never find a nice girl with that mouth.\"\n\n\nHe briefly thought about telling them that he had been seeing someone but then decided against it. \"Guys, You didn't have to do this.\"\n\n\n\"You haven't been at thanksgiving in two years.\"\n\n\n\"Last year Lightning rod tried to build a death ray and the year before I had to work overtime.\"\n\n\n\"You haven't been at Christmas in five.\"\n\n\n\"Okay for one thing a portal to hell opened last year and for another you always invite Aunt Susan and you know she never shuts up about her son making partner and incidentally his firm works for the Russian Mafia but I just have to keep civil.\"\n\n\"You could at least call us once in a while.\"\n\n\n\"I'm a super hero for fucks sake I don't.... Never mind.\" He said as his phone buzzed. He pulled it out and looked at it for a moment \" Look there's a real bank robbery and the rest of the trio is busy. Mom, Dad, you are going to take those costumes off and bring that money back. I'll try and call more often okay?\" He jumped off the roof and vanished into a shadow on the wall.\n\n\n\"Will you be there for Easter Dinner?\" His mother called out to him as he zoomed into the distance.\n \n*****\n\n\nTom Walked into the high tech fortress where the trio met. Captain Amazing was slumped backwards in a chair and Lady Calamity was drinking coffee. Calamity noticed him walk in first. \"Tom are you okay? You look Terrible.\"\n\n\n\"Thanks Shay. My parents robbed a convenience store to get my attention.\"\n\n\n\"Oh. I'm sorry. That sucks. Why did they do that?\"\n\n\n\"I haven't called or been over in a while and they wanted me too, so they decided robbing a place was a good idea.\"\n\n\n\"My Parents are dead.\" Captain Amazing said after waking up with a start.\n\n\n\"Yes Wesley. We know.\" Tom said after a minute. \"What about you Shay, do you keep in contact with your parents?\"\n\n\n\"My Parent's won't talk to me.\"\n\n\n\"Cause of the superhero thing?\"\n\n\n\"No cause of the Lesbian thing.\"\n\n\n\"Oh.\" Tom said, then went silent. \"I guess I'll give them a call.\"","“Look at us Robbie! Like back when we were in high-school!” The elderly woman said as she pointed the gun at the cashier.\n\n“Oooh! I’ll take the mints hun, you grab the shampoo.” Said the elderly man to his wife as he went over to grab the mints.\n\nAs soon as the older woman walked to grab the shampoo a sudden flash appeared into the room. She had short blonde hair and a round face, accentuated by bright red lips. Her outfit was a bright white cloth that hug her body a little too much for her parent’s taste, with a black belt that seemed to show off her backside and a symbol directing the stares to her chest. The cashier ducked behind the table as the two elderly criminals walked over and gave the superhero a tight hug. The woman sighed and almost began to run before there arms overtook her.\n\n“Why don’t you ever call anymore Sue?” Said the old woman.\n\n“Sue? Whose Sue? I’m Metro Girl! Fastest woman alive! Seriously mom…” The young superhero said attempting to make her voice sound deeper before giving up at the end.\n\n“Susan. We’ve robbed five stores and two banks! Cops are all over us. How did it take you this long to catch us?” Asked Robbie angrily, “Is Metroman getting in your way? I swear to god when I find that b-“\n\n“No. You just haven’t bothered to wear masks in any of your robberies and I don’t want to have to arrest my parents.” Said Metrogirl as a customer walked into the store. “Plus your crimes are like super minor.”\n\n“**We robbed a bank!**” The couple said united in anger.\n\n“You held the place up to steal the pens guys.” Metrogirl said exacerbated as the clerk began checking out a customer. “Oh come here guys. You don’t have a bad bone in your bodies… Dad you were the person who inspired me to become a superhero.”\n\n“Honey! I love you to.” Said Robbie uncomfortably hoping that Metrogirl wouldn’t google ‘Robbie Rendoza’ or the ‘Nazi Moon Heist.’\n\nAs the three walked out Metrogirl stared at them both and said, “Unfortunately that’s all still armed robberies. I will have to take you to jail.”\n\n“Oh no worries about that honey!” Said the old man as he scooped up his wife and whistled summoning a supersuit that allowed him to fly away.\n","You would be surprised at what one can accomplish with nothing but time on ones hands alongside the collective push of the skills and meager paychecks of a group of retirees. \n\nThose days during the war spent at the factory, chemistry, metal shop, wood working classes in high-school, a doctorate in Engineering from the local University all counted for something useful. The pooled ingenuity of the parents of this generations super heroes should not be taken lightly even if we may be frail in our physique and our knowledge slightly out dated. What worked back in the day still works now. \n\nTook a month to build the gyroscopic stabilizers, another six for the superstructure around them and four more to properly fuse the armor plating without drawing in too much attention to our power consumption. Not to even mention the time it took to get the supplies together. Though I'm sure the local junkyard owners may have become suspicious due to the influx of elderly looking for materials and incessantly haggling for ever lower prices.\n\nA mechanical monstrosity made completely hacker proof by its hand made vacuum tubes and old analog technology. The last time one of these walked on this earth was nearly fifty years ago. Now, with some modern upgrades to the power-source and weaponry the kids wont know what hit them. Replacing the gun turrets with sound cannons should work wonderfully. Those should put the local kids wee car speakers to shame. Maybe even teach them a lesson on how to properly make senseless noise disturbances. \n\nNone of it lethal of course, fully automated and just menacing enough to scare the locals away and the Justice Friends in to action. The target was to be the local city hall. Where several of us would be conveniently having coffee across the street and needing rescue. \n\nWe cant get them to call, write a letter, nor come visit of their own volition, but we will be damned if we cant make them come to see us even if only for a second. If nothing else, at least we killed some time with the group project.\n\nFor the next attempt we are split between building a flying saucer to fake our own abduction, or maybe faking an alien invasion. Aiming a disintegration beam at City Hall and evaporating its roof should serve the politicians right for de-funding the senior center in town. \n\n\n\n","An old couple was very sad,\n\nTheir superhero kids wouldn't call,\nSo they took to the mall,\n\nStole a Star Wars toy sith,\n\nBut their kids have better things to deal with.","We didn’t start out at thieves, you understand. Not in the slightest. Well, Dave admitted recently that his petty crimes did begin a little earlier than my own, but nothing stolen was ever more valuable than a pack of gum, and he called his life of crime by his seventh birthday. \n\nI, on the other hand, didn’t commit my first robbery until the age of 72. I spent weeks sewing the perfect all-black outfits that wouldn’t get too uncomfortable for us to wear, and I even used a lint roller on the ski masks after the cats snuggled up with them, leaving white hairs all over our disguise. Clad in the right gear, armed with Dave’s old pop gun spray-painted black, we held up the gas station a mere mile from home. \n\nThe proceeds were slimmer than we expected: a grand total of $114. Nonetheless, every penny went straight into the collection plate at church the following Sunday. We may be criminals, but we would never profit from these crimes. That would make us monsters!\n\nInstead, consider this our old-age cry for attention. We tried guilting our kids into visiting more, calling incessantly until they answered the phone and made an obligatory visit. We tried visiting them ourselves, but their hours were long and we always felt like an inconvenience. Plus, at our age, long trips just aren’t as easy as they once were. Now, we’re bringing them to us. Every crime we commit gets a little more attention, and any day now we expect them to fly in and see us. \n\nYou see, our kids have some unusual professions. Personally, I had high hopes that the pair of them would become doctors. What mother wouldn’t love a pair of handsome doctor sons? Instead, they went a different route: Superhero brothers. They always did love the attention, if we’re being honest about it. \n\nDo I regret making them little red capes when they were younger, or laughing at their adorable little underpants worn over blue jeans? Perhaps. I wasn’t to know the creative costumes would inspire their careers, but there you have it. \n\nI’m proud they are saving the world, and I know Dave is too. Can you imagine being the parents of those criminals they catch instead? Now, that would be truly horrifying. So I’m  glad they get to be heroes, putting away the bad guys and saving damsels in distress and all that. Would it kill them to visit every once in a while, though? Or do we have to kill, just to get them to visit?","The red-faced woman walked into the Super Fast Emporium with a cigarette hanging precariously from her lip like a magic trick. Ranjit could smell the booze on her from behind the counter; better yet, he could probably name the brand. Years working nights at his parents' store had made him something of an expert, like a sommelier of shitty beer. *Aromas of mud, urine, and crushed menthol cigarette butts lift this evening's Schlitz drunk to the height of her lowest point.*\n\nThough her gait was unsteady, her route to the beer fridge was dead-straight. Predictably, she opened both of the doors and stood in front of them, swaying as if in some trancendental state before an altar of low-cost suds. Rajit considered asking her to hurry, but his desire to avoid interaction for as long as possible outweighed his concerns for the electric bill.\n\nFinally the woman chose, and slowly made hre way to the register, a twelver hanging at her side like old luggage. She hoisted it up to the counter with a foul wheeze and asked for a pack of smokes to boot. Up close now, Rajit noticed the bulbous alky nose, the bloodshot eyes, the 30-year-old bleach blonde hairdo...this lady was serious business. The kind of person for whom sobriety was as vague and fleeting as a remembered nightmare. \n\nHis misgivings about selling alcohol to a drunk person quickly went away; he was dealing with a professional here.\n\nAs he watched her paw at her yellow swimming trunks in search of her wallet, however, he had second thoughts. How did she even get here? Did she *drive?*\n\n\"Ma'am, are you sure you need this?\" he asked. \n\n\"Huh? What? Oh don't you fuckin start with me, bin Laden. Just...hold on, where's my fuckin shit?\" \n\n\"I don't mean to be rude. It's just...I can see you're already drunk, and--\" \n\n\"*Here!*\" she said, slamming her wallet down on the counter. Then, realizing that this isn't how commerce works, she snatched it back and began thumbing through it. Eventually, she came up with enough to cover it, and flung a pair of twenties at him. The bills took wing and pulled evasive maneuvers, looping back and landing at her feet. As she bent over to pick them up, she cracked her head square on the counter. The drunk woman straighened up like a bolt, eyes wide and searching. Rajit reached across and grabbed her by the shoulders.\n\n\"Christ, woman, are you alright?\" \n\n\"You attacked me!\"\n\nHe let go. \"That's it. Get out. You're a danger to the both of us.\"\n\nThe audacious drunk took offense to that. \"Yeah? Allah tell you that?\" she said, carefully retrieving her fallen notes from the floor. Then she made a high-pitched *looloolool* sound for reasons only she would ever know. \n\n\"I'm Indian, dumbass,\" he said as she left. \"Actually, I'm American. I've never even *been* to India, so why don't you--fuck it, she's gone... And so are the cigarettes! Son of a *bitch!*\"\n\nRajit sighed deeply, and wondered how many other convenience store clerks were sighing at that very moment. Probably millions, he figured. \n\nThe door chimed while he returned the beer to the cooler, but he didn't see the customer until he had returned himself to the register: An old woman in a dark tracksuit pushing an even older man, wearing a matching tracksuit, in a wheelchair. They both held eye contact with Rajit as she slowly wheeled him closer, every few feet his shaky, spotted hand puling a snack from a shelf and tucking it into his jacket. By the time they reached the counter, he had stolen enough sugary food to put the both of them into a coma. \n\n\"What the fuck are you doing?\" Rajit said. It wasn't rhetorical; he genuinely had no clue what was happening. \n\nThe old woman stepped out from behind the wheelchair. \"Come here, kid.\"\n\n\"Why?\" \n\n\"Just do it.\"\n\nRajit leaned over and the woman took his face between her thumb and forefinger. Her bony fingers felt like steel digging into his cheek. \"No,\" he shrieked. \"No, don't!\" \n\nBut it was too late. Her movement was smooth in a way that belied her age--she raised her free thumb and ran it down the length of her tongue in one swift motion. Then, before he knew it, she ground the slimy digit into his chin, again and again. \n\n\"Here, you got some shmutz.\"\n\nThe deed done, Rajit pulled away and wiped the spit off with his shirt. \"God! Gross! Now what the hell is going on? Put the food back before I call the cops.\" \n\n\"The cops,\" the old woman said. \"won't be enough to handle us.\"\n\n\"I'm pretty sure the cops can handle a couple of geriatric Cheeto thieves.\" \n\n\"You must not know who you're talking to, son,\" said the old man. \n\n\"We're the infamous *Connie and Clyde!*\" announced the old woman. \n\nRajit said, \"Isn't it supposed to be *Bonnie* and Clyde?\"\n\n\"I told you it was a stupid idea, Carol.\"\n\n\"BONNIE IS A WHORE'S NAME, STAN!\"\n\n\"My *mother's* name was Bonnie,\" whined the old man. \n\n\"I rest my case.\" \n\n\"Did that drunk lady shoot me? Is this Qwiki-Mart Hell?\" Ranjit slapped himself across the face. \"Wake up, Ranjit! These crusty white folks aren't real, it's just a dream! Wake up!\"\n\nThe old woman smiled a menacing, Polident smile. \"It's not a dream, kid. We're here to clean you out. Your only hope...I said your only hope...STAN!\"\n\nThe old man startled. \"Huh? Oh, oh, right. '...is to call The Guardian of Good!\"\n\n\"Um, I'm pretty sure I don't need a superhero to stop you two.\"\n\nThe woman reached across the counter. \"Wait, I see more. Right there. No, *there*. Just come here, let me get it.\"\n\n\"Okay, alright, I'm calling him! It'll be fun to watch him pound you two geezers anyway.\" \n\nRajit reached under the counter and pressed the Guardian's call button (every convenience store has one) and within moments, a blur of green came flying thorugh the door. Fists on his hips, the hero in green tights puffed out his chest and said: \"Did someone call...THE GUARDIAN OF GO--Oh for fuck's sake. Ma? Dad? *This again?*\"\n\n\"My baby!\" the old woman squealed as she shuffled to him. The old man tried to turn in his chair to no avail. \"Eh, is that him?\" he asked Ranjit, who was too stunned by the developments to reply. \n\n\"Ma, what did I tell you? 'No petty larceny to get my attention.' I'm too busy for this!\"\n\n\"Too busy for your mother?\" she said, whacking him on the shoulder. She then turned to Ranjit, who hadn't had the chance to pick his jaw up from the counter. \"You see how he talks to me? You see how he *treats* me?\" \n\nThe Guardian of Good slouched, as if all the energy had been sapped out of him. \"Ma, I'm supposed to take you to jail. Jail, ma. Understand? That's the position you put me in!!\" \n\n\"Don't talk to your mother like that!\" barked Stan, still turned the wrong way in his chair.\n\n\"Yeah, don't talk to your mother like that!\" Rajit heard himself say. \n\nThe three of them looked at Rajit as if he had just farted. The Guardian of Good opened his mouth to speak, but as he did there was a terrible cackle in the air, like the laughter of the devil himself. \n\nSuddenly, a dark figure appeared at the door. He wore all black, and a half-mask that covered his eyes, leaving a large, frightening grin from which protruded a long, reptilian tongue. \"IT IS I, THE BLACK LIZARD! AND I HAVE COME FOR YOU, GUARDIAN! AT LONG LAST, I HAVE COME FOR YOU! MUHUHAHAHAHA!\"\n\nThe Guardian of Good stepped in front of his parents and put up his dukes. \"I've waited for this moment ever since you slithered out of the sewers, snake! It ends tonight!\"\n\n\"Not so fast, you two!\"\n\nThe combatants halted. Turned to the speaker. It was Carol. In her hand, a cellphone. \"Sonya?\" she said, looking at the screen. \"He's here.\"\n\nThe door to the ladies room flew open and banged against the wall, and a middle-aged Puerto Rican woman emerged. \"Mi nino!\" she screamed, arms wide as she ran to The Dark Lizard. She threw herself at him and tackled him to the ground, peppering his face with smooches. \n\n\"Wait, she was in there the whole time?!\" Ranjit asked. No one answered. While the two families sorted out their strange business, Ranjit slinked off to the back, where he promptly called his mom. \n\n","David Enfield was raised in a tough neighborhood. But he had managed to come through and made a good life for himself. He however went down a dark and dirty path, becoming a corrupt cop. He had married a beautiful Russian woman named Sola and together they made a wonderful little girl named Alexa. However one day as David was responding to an industrial accident on bring your daughter to workday, there had been a terrible industrial accident at a local genetics research facility, her daughter who had been curious as a monkey was accidentally exposed to chemicals but it did not kill her, however it did give her the ability to control electricity. \n\n\nDavid and his wife Sola, were distraught and terrified of their daughter,bit one day a bald dude in a wheel chair came and offered to take her to a special school for the gifted and help her co trol her powers. The parents obliged grateful for his help. As Alexa grew up she became \"Acer\", a crime fighter. And graduate of the Xaviers school.\n\n\nHer father however was finally caught for his corruption but he made a deal where he ratted out his fellow corrupt cops and he wasn't jailed but a gap formed between him and his daughter. She had become ashamed of him. She refused to return any of his calls, answer his messages. So after years had gone, he came up with a brilliant plan to meet her, he would commit an armed robbery of the local diner. So he bought an old Colt. 45 and headed out to the diner. \n\n\nHe entered the diner, walked towards the cashier, pulled out his gun. \" Give me the money he screamed!\"\nThe cashier recognizing that his shitty minimum wage job was not worth dying over quickly handed over most of the money pocketing a few dollars himself. \"Call the cops now.\" David asked. The cashier was perplexed but did it anyway.\n\n\nSuddenly one of the patrons of the diner a fat white man who had seen too many Chuck Norris movies and bought into the NRA propaganda about good guys with guns tried to pull out his Desert Eagle, the size of which was meant to compensate for his lack of. David however being a trained cop had the drop on him and shot him before the man could pull it out of his holster. He collapsed in a heap\n, clutching his chest the ground trembling a bit from his weight.\n\n\nDavid was expecting his daughter to come through the door any minute to apprehend him but today was not his lucky day. Suddenly Wade Wilson aka Dead Pool walked out the diners toilet, he was struggling with his red suit. He uttered as he casually walked into the scene, \"Boy did I just take am epic shit in there.\"\n\n\n\nEveryone stared at him in silence. \n\n\nHe noticed the scene of murder, the dead man oozing his cholesterol laden blood on to the diner floor. \"Today is your unlucky day.\" He said looking at David. He pulled out his katana, \"I am gonna do to you what OJ Simpson did to Nicole.\" David tried to aim his gun at Dead Pool but he was too fast and with a few quick stabs David lay dead on the floor, his entrails leaking from his guts. Dead Pool quickly robs hims, high fives the cashier and ran out the room. Alexa finds out about her dad until weeks later and she sent Dead Pool a thank you card after.","&gt; \"Give me the money he screamed!\" he screamed.\n\nFTFY :P","[removed]","\n#### Off Topic Comment Section ####\n\n---\n\nThis comment acts as a discussion area for the prompt. All **non-story** replies should be made as a reply to this comment rather than as a top-level comment.\n\nThis is a feature of /r/WritingPrompts in testing. For more information, click [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/351ym4/ot_rwritingprompts_new_feature_in_testing/).\n","I haven't read a story yet, and this idea already makes me sad :(","That is a great prompt. That could be the big reveal in a full story.","Superheroes don't typically fight petty crime, do they?","After I figured out he had alzheimer's I was thinking it would be like a shutter island thing where everybody in on it but the main character doesn't know it.","that's irrelevant.","Ah, so perhaps the sentence.\n\n&gt;The cashier was calm for the situation. \"Sir, put the gun down. Let me help you, okay? What do you need?\"\n\nCould also be a hint? I mean, the clerk could just be rather chill, considering a feeble old man is nervously waving around a gun.  ","Heart felt ending huh? This is dark as fuck and nobody realizes it. ","He said heart-rending. ","Damn that's cold. Ice cold.","http://imgur.com/gallery/vPD5S87","&gt;I'M NOT CRYING YOU'RE CRYING","Kevin James is an actor who played a mall cop.","I like how that's his most famous role now, and not the several other roles he's played. ","I know, it's quite funny really. I'll always think of him as the guy from King of Queens though.","Thanks!!!","I'm intellectually lazy when it comes to reading, I prefer problem solving to keep me alert, even though its hard to do when there's no problem to solve.\n\nI also didn't imply that me not liking reading meant every book in existence sucked.","I know, I was just being silly! Not everything is for everyone, glad you enjoyed the story anyway!!","Good luck, and best wishes.","I'm so sorry for your loss :( that must've been really rough. I knew I'd tug some strings but man, I really rekindled a lot of terrible memories for people...\n\nBut thank you.","Speaking of *nit* picking...","Yes. That was the point and why I couldn't resist. I was nitpicking his nitpicking.","Ah, but was that not the point of my post? So am I now nitpicking your nitpicking of his nitpicking?","Yay! It's nitpickception.","I didn't really like the stories in Bazaar of Bad Dreams, but that one made me bawl.\n\nAlzeheimer's is a biiiiiiitch.","Thanks, I'm a grown man and you've got me struggling to keep myself from weeping on the bus, that hit way too close to home. ","I think there is dust in my eyes.","It's hard to judge something so brief and I'm not really familiar with this sub and what the standards are and maybe it's just that I read a lot of books but like, man, that was incredibly clunky.","It's a bit hard to condense writing gracefully. Well, for me, at least.\n\nMost of us here are still learning, as well. I'm not a published author with years of experience :p","I thought it was great :) keep writing!","Yeah, it's a pretty common complaint. But honestly it mostly stems from having to abide by the comment limit. You get used to it when you read these replies everyday. ","It's also basically speed writing. ","Not being able to operate within a word count is a pretty huge weakness for an aspiring writer though. ","No, it isn't. If you want a properly fleshed, paced story, you need prompts like that.This prompt called for something in the neighbourhood of 9000 words to even begin to be properly fleshed out. Also, that's less than most short stories. ","http://i.imgur.com/E8Yz7do.gifv","Dat plot twist doe","Goosebumps, man. Goosebumps. Great job!!","So his father lied to him all his life about his own powers? Asshole. He has no room to complain about what his son does then.","[oh god](http://i.imgur.com/4COWjo6.jpg)","its like he doped up on PCP, cut his top lip off, and is about to start a one man [superhero]zombie film","Wondeful! Could you write another part? ","Thank you very much! ","&gt; However one day as James was responding to an industrial accident\n\nWho the fuck is James?\n\n","My dog.....sorry. Was thinking about him. Slipped my mind.","May I save this writing prompt and perhaps write my own novel from it some day?"," My husband always gets upset with me because I'm obsessed with plot holes and I verbalize it. But it doesn't ruin the story for me. You make good points about the gun, I mean the staff would not the searching his room for any reason. As far as the mental decline goes, I worked in a nursing facility for a few years and I can say honestly that I've never seen someone decline that fast. It is a slow and sad process. If the man did arrive recently at the facility, certainly the professionals working there would immediately realize his condition. As well as the fact it seems to be a nursing facility and not a retirement facility, where the residents can come and as they please. That leads me to believe his family placed him there because he was unable to care for himself and they have been aware of his mental decline.  I was just pointing it out. I'm sorry I didn't mean to be mean or anything. It was a beautiful story and I loved reading it. The end made me tear up a bit. I truly loved it and I'm sorry if it came off otherwise. ","Good god you are trying hard. Next time it will be [WP] An old man discovers he can gain immortality by killing Moby Dick, detail how he got a vessel and crew. This sub is an embarrassment to writers everywhere.","My wife's gram, was afflicted and her mom whoI I love dearly is showing signs of it. My wife will surely have it and this post killed a good weekend. ruined."],["2016 was horrible for both parties.\n\nSee, the Democrats had Hillary Clinton, but most people didn't want to have her as the president. In fact, about two-thirds thought she was dishonest. The Republicans had Donald Trump, or as John Oliver put him, \"a clown made of mummified foreskin and cotton candy\".\n\nSo, my friends and I decided to file FEC paperwork under my name. See, I've never really voted along one party line, so I just kinda put both parties. It was a joke! Honest! I hung those papers up on the wall and my friends and I had a good laugh.\n\nThen Iowa came. I won 70% of voters across the state. Turns out Mic. was doing an article on satirical candidates, and I had become some kind of internet sensation overnight. r/PhillipsWoodsForPresident was one of the most active subreddits, above r/HillaryClinton (but that's not much competition), r/The_Donald, and r/SandersForPresident. Hell, I had a campaign website, an ActBlue and an RNC donation page with about 10 million in donations from small donations of less than $2,700.\n\nThen I won both parties in New Hampshire, trailed Clinton in Nevada, South Carolina, Alabama, and Arkansas, and won the Republican primaries in all of those states. So, apparently both the DNC and the RNC provided me with campaign managers, staff, etc. that I didn't even know about until they came to my house and asked why I wasn't out campaigning. Seriously? I work Data Entry at a dental office.\n\nSo, they made me say a couple speeches. Basically, I was pro-gun, pro-LGBT rights, favoring a smaller government with more economic regulation, neutral on immigration, all of that. I started believing in myself, too. I shook hands with nearly every congressman and congresswoman in Washington. I was \"the savior of the Democratic and Republican parties\".\n\nI went to a couple of debates, and I just talked. Seriously, I didn't yell, didn't scream, wasn't aggressive. I literally just told people what I believed, and people were happy with a \"refreshing new candidate\" that didn't take corporate money. I flustered O'Malley and Webb, and they dropped out before Colorado. Hillary Clinton dropped out because she had received such low voter turnout, so it was just between me and Bernie Sanders.\n\nTrump dropped out in disgrace, saying, \"He's a loser! He's a democrat! The democrats are ruining the Republican Party! But now, I must make America great again through the private sector, not the public one. Also, my hands are not small!\" Jeb Bush dropped out because he had the whole of 10 votes in 6 states. Ted Cruz couldn't run because he was a Canadian, and public opinion shifted against him. John Kasich was John Kasich. Nobody voted for him.\n\nAnyways, that's how I ended up as the front-runner of both parties. I took Sanders as my Vice-President due to the public support and his experience getting things through the Senate.\n\nI had won 76% of this country's vote in the primaries. I won 94% of the popular vote, with 3.5% going to Jill Stein of the Green Party and 2.4% going to Gary Johnson of the Libertarian Party. it was the first time in history both the Democrats and Republicans had won a landslide victory. I served my presidency as \"The Great Uniter\", working to decrease the debt and increase personal freedom and security. People loved me. My approval rating never went below 75%.\n\nSo I took a trip to my home state of Texas. Toured around the state, went to Dallas. Drove down Elm Street in Dallas, and I got shot by some guy with the Party for Social Liberation, which got, like, 0.0003% of the vote. As the country's most popular president of the last 20 years, I died during my last 2 years in office, on the same street JFK died on. \n\nThey rushed me to Parkland, but it turns out no amount of surgery can repair a gunshot to the head. I died, and \"The Great Uniter\" was gone.\n\nI'd like to say maybe I had a difference. That the Republicans and Democrats would unite under my death. Instead, both parties blamed the other for not stopping the Party for Social Liberation from killing me. The greatest irony of my death is that \"The Great Uniter\" divided this country more than ever by his death.\n\nThis country's greatest divide was my death. Go figure.\n\n*If you liked this, please read more of my stories on r/TheTexasKid and subscribe!*","&gt;John Kasich was John Kasich. Nobody voted for him.\n\nSad, but true.\n","I actually like the guy. Respect him as a Congressman and governor. But, you know, it's nearly mathematically impossible for him to win.","He could, in an open primary","You mean contested convention?","You mean a political clusterfuck?","Hey, this entire election is a political clusterfuck. ","He's kinda just a quieter Cruz","Nah, Cruz is crazier. At least Kasich didn't go up to the US Senate to read \"Green Eggs and Ham\". That's a story not even the most imaginative of us would think of.","All you need to win presidency is get nominated, from there on, if you know what you are doing, you're all set.\n\nhttp://youtu.be/7wC42HgLA4k","Win the primary is what I meant. But, yes, good point.","Why do people always seem to throw around \"mathematically impossible\"?","He can't win 1,237 delegates by the convention. If he won 100% between here and now, he still wouldn't win.\n\nOf course, if you have a contested convention, everything is out the window","As a Kasich supporter, I can't agree more. He took 2nd in New York though!","Sorry about that. Good luck in the upcoming primaries!","As an Ohioan, thank god it's this way. A lot of people like him, but his policies regarding education and women's reproductive rights are absolutely horrendous.  He has proven himself to be sexist in the strangest sort of way.  He thanked women for \"leaving their kitchens\" to support him and said that if girls don't want to get raped, they shouldn't go to parties where alcohol is being served","Wow. You must've spent a lot of time on that. I could actually (kinda (barely)) see that happening. It sounds very realistic and all.","Thanks! I put about an hour or two for each story for research and accuracy (for the most part). As much as I can, anyways, because it's fiction.","I'm just happy that after all that, Bernie finally got the presidency. ","Yeah, I think he's the best candidate as of right now.","I'm sitting there, in my \"office\" (it's the 3 foot part of my campaign bus that I haven't covered entirely with papers and cans yet), trying to figure out how the fuck I managed to get myself into this situation.  \n\nWait, I gotta back up here, I should probably tell you how this whole thing started.  \n\nIt all started a year ago, my buddy Bill and I were drinking in some swanky New York club, and somewhere between the 4th and 5th bottles of champagne, he got the idea of me running for President, for both parties. \n\n\"Dude, it'll be hilarious, I promise you\", he slurred at me in his southern drawl, \"you just gotta say enough crazy shit to get everyone riled up for you\"\n\n\"Nah man, they'll just think it's some publicity stunt\", I responded, somehow managing to still think, \"nobody's gonna fall for this\"\n\nAs we approached the hours of the morning, I finally came around to the idea (well, come around is a bit generous considering that I vomited on some homeless dude on the way back), but either way, the next day, still hungover, I went on the air and announced my candidacy.\n\nAs I expected, everyone kinda laughed at me to start, nobody expected me to gain any traction.  I talked to Bill about it, he was still optimistic after the first few days.  \n\n\"Trust me man, I know how this works, all you gotta do is say some crazy shit, and then everyone will start clamoring about you. Gingrich did it to me in 94.  Go for the right wing first, they're pretty easy to rile up, just say something bad about Muslims\"\n\nI took his advice to heart, and the next day, I called a press conference, walked up to the podium, Bill confidently giving me a thumbs up from the 5th row.  I waved at the crowd and approached the podium, trying my best not to show my quivering legs.  \n\nI cleared my throat, adjusted the mic, and cried loudly for the world to hear,\n\n\"We're gonna build a wall\"\n\nEdit: I know that Bill Clinton ran on a platform of being super moderate, and would actually suggest to run super moderately, but you know, literary liberties and such","Love it!","Tuesday evenings had fast become my favorite time of the week. It was at 6:30 p.m. sharp that 'Lou's Real Democracy' published the primary polling results of every presidential candidate. Unlike Gallup and Rasmussen and those other giants, Lou's included anyone who garnered a single vote out of the 1,000 or so sample size generally taken. Self-righteous as they were, I did appreciate these super-liberal bloggers.\n\nI popped a few Red Baron french bread pizzas into the toaster oven, settled down into my well-loved suede craigslist couch, and fired up the laptop to Lou's site.\n\n**July 5th, 2016 - Democratic Presidential Nomination (National)**\n\nBernie Sanders:     1982 (182 superdelegates)     48% Popular (+2%)\n\nHillary Clinton:       2122 (319 superdelegates)     44% Popular (-3%)\n\nAbraham Lincoln:   0 (0 superdelegates)              1% Popular (+/- 0%)\n\n**July 5th, 2016 - Republican Presidential Nomination (National)**\n\nDonald Trump:     1201     52% Popular (-4%)\n\nTed Crud:            612       28% Popular (+3%)\n\nJohn Kaisch:        187       8%   Popular (-1%)\n\nTeddy Bear:         0          1%   Popular (+/- 0%)\n\nI snickered every time. I had taken advantage of an obscure early 19th-century rule that allowed candidates to alter their given names on ballots. I had toyed with even more mainstream monikers, like \"Frodo Baggins,\" but decided I was already pressing the envelope. A small part of me still expected some joint Democratic and Republican goon squad to come busting down my door any day now.\n\nThe most astounding part was that I hadn't run any campaign. 30 minutes of Googling nominating procedures and half a day of chasing paperwork around and I was suddenly sitting on each party's respective ballot. *True democracy in action*, I thought.\n\nWith each party's convention only a week away and neither side's top candidates possessing enough delegates to win, I had been daydreaming of just one delegate stepping to the podium and announcing, \"I have decided to cast my vote for Teddy Bear!\" Or Lincoln. As long as my 15 minutes of fame could extend just a bit longer.\n\nI switched over to Google News. *I may as well keep myself informed. I'm a politician now!* I thought smugly. As I began skimming the headlines, my stomach began to drop. I checked the date. No, April Fool's was months ago. Is this *The Onion*? A prank? Must be a hack. My vision began to blur and I had to literally shake my head to regain focus.\n\n***Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders Shot at Respective Rallies***\n\n***Ted Cruz and John Kaisch Found Dead in Hotel Rooms; Trump Missing, Presumed Dead***\n\nIt was plastered over every visible page. There were no other stories until I scrolled down to some tech article about Apple iBusiness. My body felt weighted down with lead and my head was a wash of fog. I could smell my pizzas burning, but couldn't bring myself to move, much less get to the kitchen. I heard a bell echo in the distance. It grew louder, more demanding. I realized it was my phone, going off on the coffee table. I numbly reached over and picked it up.\n\n\"Hello?\"\n\n\"Good evening, Mr. Roberts. It appears a wonderful, *accidental* piece of luck has suddenly befallen you. A car will be by to pick you up in 10 minutes. Be a good lad and don't try to leave before we get there. I'm sure you realize the folly in that.\"\n\n*Click*\n\nThe pizzas were burning in earnest now, but all I could do was sit motionless in an anesthetized daze. Surely, I would wake up soon.","Holy shit, that was intense! Part 2?","(I don't know enough about the US system so I am going to take a lt of creative license here)\n\nSigmar Landvogt was candidate of the democrats, son of immigrants from Germany and as heavy on \"soziale Marktwirtschaft\" as you can get without being arrested. His speeches riled up the masses. He sweeped up states after states with demands further to the left than any mainstream candidate dared to ask. Compared to others, the candidate who held an entire speech in Cherokee, who openly supported basic income and universal healthcare, who juggled during a speech to make a point and who openly suggested an EU candidacy of the USA was the drop of bright red in a sea of drab brown. \n\nHis republican rival Sammy Landvogt looked strong to a very different demographic: Tough on immigration and on crime, speaking with the broadest Texas accent that could still be understood, was armed whenever legally possible, baptist, creationist and dominionist. Tough on crime, drugs and the poor. He opposed abortion, gay marriage and wanted to make America \"as great as she once was\". His healthcare plan was prayer and worker's rights as well as minimum wage laws were to him a way to sabotage the economy, the lifeblood of America. State after state fell for his charm.\n\nThe fact that the republican and the democrat conventions were not on the same day was advantageous for a certain comedian. He decided to satirize the US-elections by running both under his birth name and under his nickname: Sigmar and Sammy. He couldn't imagine that people actually supported him in both forms. He would have thought people understood the exaggerated claims, faked statistics and media gestures but they didn't. He could come out as being Sigmar to the Republicans or being Sammy to the democrats and cause delicious chaos, but as there were only a few days until the first convention, he had another idea: why not run as both? Few people would ever get a presidency handed to them ike that. Why give that away? He called his twin: \"Mark? Did you ever want to participate in a presidential debate?\"","[removed]","\n#### Off Topic Comment Section ####\n\n---\n\nThis comment acts as a discussion area for the prompt. All **non-story** replies should be made as a reply to this comment rather than as a top-level comment.\n\nThis is a feature of /r/WritingPrompts in testing. For more information, click [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/351ym4/ot_rwritingprompts_new_feature_in_testing/).\n","\"Alright, heads I'm pro-life, tails I'm pro-choice.\"  \n\nIt was the simplest solution to this already incredibly complex issue.  Some would say it was rather crass to decide major policy on the flip of a coin but I was getting desperate.  The coin flipped through the air, end over end before hitting the table and falling to the floor.  My campaign manager Corey and I both peered over the table and saw heads.  \n\n\"Alright... What's next?\"  I asked as Corey scribbled the final decision of pro-life in his notebook.  \"Labor unions?  Gay marriage?\"  I went through a list of policies in my head deciding which one to choose.  \n\nCorey finished writing down my newest \"belief\" and thought for a moment before spurting out \"How about gun control?\"  It seems like such a complex issue but I'm sure the coin will understand.  I shrugged my shoulders as if I didn't really care what was next.  Corey picked up the coin and said \"Alright... Heads we go with stricter regulations and tails we go with looser regulations.\"  \n\n\"Sounds fair to me.\"  I agreed as I took the coin from his hand and prepared to send it sailing into the air.  Suddenly I was overcome with grief.  How could I continue to go along with this farce of a campaign?  \"What are we doing?\"  I asked Corey in a moment of clarity.  \"Do I not stand for something?  Do I not have any beliefs of my own?  How ridiculous of us to sit here and make major decisions that could effect this great country for decades or perhaps even centuries!  They will write about me in the textbooks as the Coin-Flipping President.  Students in future generations will study me like they do great dictators for their ineptitudes.  I have an opportunity to be truly great and make a difference in this world!  I've reached across party lines and met people in the middle.  People that are sick of the status quo have looked to me as their savior and here I am treating it like some sort of joke.  What is wrong with me?\"  \n\nI looked to the coin again and decided to set it down on the desk.  I stared at it for a few minutes and then I couldn't bare to look at it anymore.  \"Why would I ever agree to do this?  I feel like the lowest form of scum on the planet.  Global warming decided by the flip of a coin?  Oh, hey, there is a genocide going on overseas... does anyone have a quarter?  I can make a difference and I will make a difference.\"  \n\nCorey looked at me like he couldn't believe what I was saying.  \"But this is how we have always done things Mr. Trump.\"  \n\nI looked back at him and thought for a moment.  My eyes trailed back to the quarter sitting on the table.  After a few seconds of reflection, I picked up the quarter, smiled and gave a quick nod before giving the coin yet another flip.  ","\"I mean look, I've always thought of myself as a Republican, I mean after all I was the president and I won as a Republican in 2016 against Hillary, but y'know folks, I've done everything I set out to do. The wall was built by early 2018, it's a beautiful wall by the way folks, isn't it? Don't we love our border patrol, folks? Anyway, it was paid for by Mexico a month later, and then I focused on making the healthcare system more competitive, which brought prices way way low, and then I focused on jobs and things like that. I brought down the unemployment rate, by the way, to .8%. Believe me, and it's going down still folks, that wouldn't have happened under Crooked Hillary.\"\n\n\"And then I reformed the voting system, of course, our corrupt voting system that I still somehow won under. Amazing. Amazing. I made it so that you no longer have to be afraid of voting for who you want to win.\"\n\n\"So here's the story, folks, I have helped create a Congress that is far more representative of the people than any other before it. You know, I read a story in the New York Times, very bad newspaper by the way, I was happy when it failed, that said \"Trump is causing political unrest\". Really? I'm causing political unrest by letting the people vote for who they want to win? Unbelievable.\"\n\n\"So anyway folks, I did make our political system far more fair, however, the Republican party and Democratic party are still too big. They have far more money. So what I'm going to do before I leave is run these down to the same level as all the other parties. I mean, I've set out to do things and I did everything I wanted to. So the least I could do to end it is bring these parties down.\"\n\n\"So starting tomorrow, I am going to run as both a Republican and a Democrat. And believe me, this is going to ruin both of them.\"\n\nSo God-Emperor Trump did just that. As the incumbent, he was already the Republican nominee, so he focused on winning the Democratic nomination. It was Chasin' Chelsea (because she's chasing her mother's legacy) and Lil' Koch (I'll let you guess why) towards the end. And he was winning. He couldn't believe it. He was mostly trying to go out with a bang, although he did intend to destroy both parties on his way out.\n\nAnd he ended up winning.\n\nCome election day, it was Sanders (now at age 78 it had seemed he discovered the secret to immortality) running for the Democratic Bolshevik party (a party he created), Cruz running for the Christian party, Muhammed X running for the BLM party, of course, the Libertarian and Green parties, and Donald Trump, representing both Republican and Democrat votes. The results came in, and Donald Trump was the winner, followed by the Libertarian party, a close third the Green party, Cruz was a slightly distant 4th, then the Democratic Bolshevik party was 5th, and a dead last was the BLM party (which they declared imperialist racism).\n\nTrump spent his second term making the world great again, and when he left office, there was complete world peace. Working together with Sanders, Trump perfected the life-giving serum he dubbed Trumders, which was sold at a buck a vial, a vial that would extend your life 2 years. Eventually Sanders was given his own territory, where Sweden used to be (there was a year long period of severe civil unrest where several countries fell). There he set up his country, the People's Democratic Socialist Republic of Sweders, and expanded a bit into the rest of Europe.\n\nTrump was selected God-Emperor of the World by popular vote in 2044, and by 2155, the PDSRS fell as we expanded into the solar system. Trump would eventually give his life to prevent the Sun from collapsing, because due to his high energy, the sun would never blow up again. This also helped when the heat death of the universe came close, when Carson gave his life to spread his high energy throughout the universe.\n\n___________________________________________________________\n\n_I'm tired_"],["Politiburo is after me.\n\nI am richest man in all of Latvia. English not so good. See, politiburo no like that I have infinite potato. So go to gulag. All prisoner have potato. No lie. So all prisoner eat and get strong. Help me get out of gulag. Bribe guard with potato. Guard surprised it real potato. Let me go.\n\nPolitburo send secret police after me. No matter. Secret police take 20 potato bribe. Feed family. Latvia happy to have potato. Secret police no longer touch me. Secret police come to my house everyday for potato. Secret police say I am godsend.\n\nSoviet try to send me to Siberia. People unify and say no. Protect me, Dainis Īvāns. I become journalist. Respect due to write good and potato. I say Daugava Dam bad. Construction canceled. People listen to me.\n\nStart Popular Front of Latvia. Now is 1988. Lead people away from communist and politiburo. Plenty of potato for all Latvian. Politiburo still angry. More people respect Popular Front. Also, we have potato. Politiburo only has sadness.\n\n1990 now. Latvia is moving away from Soviet scum. I lead Popular Front as speaker of Supreme Council. my English has gotten much better with Gorbachev's policy of Glasnost. I read English books sneaked in through West Berlin, also some German. My country has declared Independence from the Soviets.\n\nLatvia has potatoes now for everyone. I no longer need to be giving free potatoes anymore. Agriculture is now one of the biggest parts of the Latvian economy. It is 1992 now. We are free. I will retire now.\n\nPotato is not a dream anymore. Potato is real. I look at Potato and smile. It is not mine anymore, it was grown on a farm with people making money. No politiburo is taking away the potato. No secret police is stealing food.\n\nIt is not my potato. It is the potato of a free Latvia. \n\n*If you liked this, please read more of my stories on [r/TheTexasKid](http://reddit.com/r/TheTexasKid) and subscribe!*","This is awesome","Thanks! I tried to incorporate real history in there, too.","&gt;Politburo only has sadness \n\nPerfect","I say bad about Politburo. Send secret police to me. No matter. Secret police just want potato bribe.","Spoken like a glorious Latvian, ","In Latvia try to speak. Die of malnourish.","I knew someone was going to do this. You made my day, random stranger!","You're welcome, CZall23!","Really enjoyed this one!","Thanks! I enjoyed writing it!","~~Dievs~~ Kartupelis, svētī Latviju!","Yes, very much.","\"Behold.\" I pulled a simple wooden box out of my backpack and placed it on the table. It opened to reveal a trio of my specialty. \"The red potato. Renowned for its ability to retain its shape during the cooking process, perfect for frying and for stews. The blue potato. It's rich and silky texture and unusual color make it the royalty of all spuds. This, followed by the most famous and popular russet potato. Its fall apart nature makes it perfect as a thickener in soups, the large size is great for solid baking, and it can be sliced to make either chips or french fries.\"\n\nThe woman at the other side of the table blinked at me. She was covered in clear crystals, her speckled eyelashes catching the light in a beautiful manner as they blinked. Her hand delicately lifted and she pointed over at the box. \"You know those just grow in the ground, don't you?\"\n\n\"Yeah? Well so do diamonds, lady.\" I snapped back in an exasperated manner. \"I don't see how we're that much different.\"\n\n\"Whole industries run off my specialty.\" She lifted a brow, which created the finest of creases in her foundation caked forehead. \"I suppose that's true in your case as well, but I specialize in designer ring centerpieces for engagements and weddings. You just put the 'large' in the extra order of fries at McDonalds.\"\n\nI was about to say something, but her phone buzzed. She held up one hand and looked it over. Her wrist twisted about in the air and delicate crystals formed within it like ice. They shifted together until a large diamond appeared, with a red flaw within it in the shape of a heart.\n\n\"Mixed colored diamonds are all the rage nowadays anyways. And I just made three thousand dollars with six seconds worth of effort.\" She pulled out a velvet bag out of her purse and dropped the gemstone in it. Within the room, the clear sound of a bell rang and she picked up her drink as she stood. \"Good luck with your dirty little spud project.\" Her cocky sneer was what was most off putting about her, but I couldn't help but to tip my head and check out 'dat ass' as it shimmered back and forth towards the next table.\n\nI hardly noticed the small appearance of another woman joining me. She let out a nervous cough and I turned around to see a plain looking girl with a button up off-white blouse. The grimace I had on my face must've been quite noticeable, because she suddenly stiffened her posture and fumbled with her back. A handful of mints were taken out of a tin and stuffed into her mouth.\n\n\"Oh, it isn't you.\" A closed my potato box and put my elbow on the table, shifting my chin into my palm. \"Just some of the people here are terribly snobby.\"\n\n\"Yes, tell me about it.\" She looked down at the table and fumbled her hands together. \"The man at the previous table is a fashion designer specializing in silk products who just wouldn't stop about my choice of a polyester blend skirt and the table before that had a guy who lays high speed cables internationally. I forget what his talent is, maybe carbon fiber or something but it seemed like good work. I guess the high price it took to get into this speed dating lunch-in just brought out the high class people and those who grow root vegetables have no place here at all.\"\n\nShe must've seen what was in the box. \"Tch.\" I turn my head to the side and give a slight lean to see who I would be failing at drinking with next. It was a taller woman in blue who had cotton puff earrings and was having a heated discussion with the silk man. That would probably also be a bust. \"Potatoes are very important. One can eat a mostly potato diet and have nearly all of their nutritional needs.\"\n\nThe woman sitting with me widened her eyes. \"I completely understand. But other people's comments are just so terrible. You probably get tired of all the dirt covered jokes and how they just grow in the ground and everything.\"\n\nMy eyes drifted over to her, narrowing slightly. \"Yes.\" I said in a tone that dripped with venom, tightening my jaw in the process.\n\nHer hands lifted up and waved back and forth. \"I should've explained earlier, s-sorry!\" She delved into her purse and pulled out a wooden box, opening it up. \"My specialty is garlic. It's really difficult to get people to understand the differences in a Spanish Roja or a Chesnok Red. That I can understand, but they just don't seem to get that black garlic is very popular in high class cuisine and I do make a lot of money!\" Her browns furrowed and she seemed to be ranting for a second time since sitting down. \"And I keep telling them that I don't smell but they just always pinch their noses at me and say 'well I thought there was an off putting scent about you,' which makes absolutely no sense in my opinion. Garlic is covered for one, it doesn't have a strong smell at all until processed.\"\n\nI couldn't help but to have the corner of my mouth lift up at the sight of this small woman who was rather passionate about her talent. \"Stop...\" I lifted my head from my hand and sat back in my chair, gesturing towards her box. \"Tell me more about black garlic. Does it go well with a roasted potato?\"","I like this one to no end.  I would pick okra as my special talent.  Then again, someone who plants this stuff already does. ","Infinite loaded baked potatoes...","\"Here boy, take it,\" he said gruffly. The boy scurried over and snatched the tuber before darting off. The streets had gone astray in recent years. As famine let the worst come out in people, so did potatos. Their porous skin and all too starchy interiors laid waste to many men's colons.\n\nBards sang of colossal bowel movements, the size of two, perhaps three bushels of the things. Farms were amazed. They'd only been able to capitalize on one potato per plant, but using the special manure the potato-eaters produced made the potato flourish.\n\nThere were monumental stacks reaching higher than building as kids laughed and played, so it was very odd that a boy would come beg for one. The purpose, no doubt, was to stay away from the potato draft. He is young, his colon still green and lacking in experience to handle the potato shits. It takes a seasoned man to take the broad shape, with salt and pepper being the best combination.\n\nShould it be designated to a specific individual to control the potato market? Men thrived on them. The carbohydrates hooked them from their very DNA. There was a certain viciousness to the addiction, a bloodiness of sorts. It could not be controlled nor stopped once started. \n\nThe lust of potato grew weary on farmers as they plucked their bushels day in and day out, the plant not caring of the season. They worked, and plowed, and picked till the soil grew rot with malnutrition. It seemed the shits took more than they gave. \n\nThere were uprisings at first. Of course, few lasted as the hunger struck the rioters. There was little to be done as potato stock dwindled. Government officials were at a loss, their intestines tied with the vicious starchy goodness, too. Was there no superiority in these matters or civility? The potatoes did not discriminate their victims. The youth were held back by their mothers who sat writhing in potato agony, and here a man sat.\n\nHe controlled the potato market. His palms were black as night, subtle lines tracing themselves across his hands. When he saw fit, potatoes grew from his palm. The starving flocked from the streets to follow him in the fields as he ran his hand across the barren dirt. There was little to do but wait as night set in and each man picked a fledgling crop to lay around. They cradled it and sang to it as if it was the last of their line.\n\nHere he sat, starting to wonder what gifts he had outside of agriculture and humanities. There was more to life than plants. He knelt to the ground, his palms lying flat in front of him. The earth beneath his hands grew dark, spreading outward like a pool of blood. Rich soil rose up between his fingers, yet he did not move.\n\nHe balanced his way into a handstand, his hands pressing against the world as hard as his gift—the potatoes—pressed within him. Bushels upon bushels of potatoes spawned from beneath his hands as the once sleeping foragers sprang into alertness. The soft sound of mashed potatos reached his ears. \n\nUp and up the bushels went, piling into the sky till the man reached the moon. He looked to his left and right for signs of life, but there was nothing. \n\n\"Let me find rest, a respite from the apparent. Potatoes in such quantity drain me,\" he spoke to no one. In fact, there was no sound the issued from his mouth. This made him wary. What strange place as the moon dared steal the words from his mouth?\n\nAgain he set his hands upon the world, this one a different celestial body, and readied himself. Bushels sprouted from places once thought inconceivable till they filled the very universe. Now he could speak, the potatoes acting as a medium for his voice to bounce against.\n\nThroughout his troubles of potation, he thought long on what his first words should be. His result became clear not long after. With a deep breath, savoring the hearty aroma of starch, he opened his mouth to speak the words of a new age.\n\n\"Potato.\"","hahaa I looooooove the ending\n","[removed]","\n#### Off Topic Comment Section ####\n\n---\n\nThis comment acts as a discussion area for the prompt. All **non-story** replies should be made as a reply to this comment rather than as a top-level comment.\n\nThis is a feature of /r/WritingPrompts in testing. For more information, click [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/351ym4/ot_rwritingprompts_new_feature_in_testing/).\n"]],"cats":[["**source:** https://www.instagram.com/p/BEckdZfEadn/","As someone who gets nagged in the same way every morning from 5 to 7am for food, this feels like sweet revenge.","Cat: ^^^\"Thumbed ^^^One....\" ^^\"Thumbed ^^One...\" ^\"Thumbed ^One...\" Thumbed One?\" \n\n-smack-\n\n# THUMBED ONE!\n\nMe: What?! \n\nCat: Oh hey! You're awake! There's like a thumbnail sized piece of food dish available.\n\nMe: It's 4 in the morning.\n\nCat: I'll die.\n\nMe: You're fat. You can survive on your reserves.\n\nCat: I can do this every five minutes until I get my way or I can get my way now. Your choice.\n\nMe: I hate you.\n\nCat: No you don't. You hate spiders and I kill them.\n\nMe: ...I still kinda hate you. Stop looking at me like that. Oh Christ don't flip over on your back and look all cute. You're an asshole. An adorable... great now you throw in that thing where you fold your paws under your chin and look adorabler. Asshole.","I simply don't open my eyes and burry under the blanket. Then she sits on my bladder.","Mine sits halfway across the room, stares at me, and rhythmically bats the closet door.\n\n*donk* *donk* *donk* *donk* *donk* *donk* *donk* *donk* *donk*\n\nIt's the most annoying thing in the world and when I finally lose it and get up to feed her she's all innocent like \"oh hey you're up?\"","I was so happy to move into a house with an actual door to the bedroom, thinking I will finally get to sleep in in the mornings.\n\nMy lub of tard on the other hand discovered body slamming herself against my door while yowling at the top of her lungs... ","This is why I have a box fan, humidifier and air purifier running in my bedroom. 4 cats that decide to knock and howl at 4am, but now I  can't hear them over all the white noise. It's wonderful.","My husband and I took in a black stray. He quickly figured out the light switch in the bathroom on his first night outside the quarantined bedroom.\n\nOn. Off. On. Off. Onoffonoffonoffonoffonoff. On. Off. On. Off.\n\n-runs into the bedroom to make sure we know about this awesome new toy on the wall, meows, and runs back-\n\nOn. Off. On. Off. Onoffonoffonoffonoffonoff. On. Off. On. Off\n\nAll. Fucking. Night.","Mine bats at my window blinds while looking at me. It's creepy as fuck.","If you move feeding time to the evening you won't be woken up by your cat demanding food. Our house has kitty playtime at 7:45PM-ish (19:45) and then feeding somewhere between 8:15PM (20:15) and 8:45PM (20:45).\n\nThey have dry food out for grazing if needed.","Note: some cats are not grazers. Such as mine, who must be fed small amounts three times a day or he eats everything at once and then pukes it all up. ","You can try a slow feeder bowl, or placing ping pong balls in the food to make them take more time to eat their food. I have a tripod who would scarf &amp; barf and because she is missing one of her front legs, a slow feeder bowl isn't optimal (they generally make the cats use a paw to dig out food, since she only has one front leg, that wasn't going to work).\n\nAnother thing is your cat may have anxiety or a medical issue like IBS. Trinity (the tripod) is taking a low maintenance dose of an anxiety medicine and now she doesn't scarf &amp; barf.\n\nThere are also timed release feeding bowls for dry food distribution which makes it easier if you do have to stick with 3 meals a day.","Eh he just scarfs food, some cats are like that. I've figured out a system that works, so unless he starts showing some other symptoms that something's wrong, I'm not going to worry about it. He's just over six years old and it's just something he's always done. ","Understood, just thought I'd pass along what I've learned and tried because we have a cat that does that too.","Maybe it will help someone else who comes across it :)","We do the same. Works great! Also helps with getting them to come in for the night if they're outside. ","As we have eight 'free-range' cats (as opposed to the one confined to our bedroom) with several on meds and/or special diets, I do two feedings per day and can't leave food out - and, six of the eight actually get fed in crates. The second I get up in the morning they all come running into the kitchen, like \"hurry the hell up, human, we're all starving to death!\" The whole production is YouTube crazy-cat-person-video worthy.","Share the video when you film it. I'd like to see it. =)","Ha, someday I'll have my wife do it; the best part is when I open the sliding glass door to our (poorly-built!) sunroom where they all get fed, 7 of the 8 go running in and meowing like crazy even though I only bring 4 of them their food at a time... FYI it only takes a few days to train a cat to go to his/her crate for feeding!","It's also the quickest way to teach a new cat their name, by calling it at dinnertime.","She lies down calmly as he baby breastfeeds and caresses her all over.\n\"I'm enjoying it but I hope it ends soon\"","She is drowning in a sea of kittens ","I mean.. if I had to die right now.. that'd be the way I'd choose","[removed]","[removed]","[removed]","[removed]","Last year, a stray showed up and had two kittens.  She was a great mama, but, man was she happy when they started eating cat food.  She would go outside to enjoy a little peace away from the kittens.\n\nIt all turned out well, too.  Both kittens were adopted by the same family.  They got to stay together and the family loves them.\n\nMama stayed with me - she's a sweetie.  ","You are wonderful","The same thing happened to me last year, too. Although mine was still pregnant when she first came around. Ended up having 3. We kept the girl (who is absolutely attached to my husband) and Mama, and my best friend took her two brothers so we get to see them and I have a constant kitty photo stream from her.","and fixed.... :)","She's a foster mom to the kittens, she has no milk.","Except their not feeding. This cat is not the mother nor does she have milk. Read your source. ","https://www.reddit.com/r/thisismylifenow","/r/thisismylifemeow","/r/imsohappythatsathing","Doing it again? Answer my pm, or I'll send certain pictures to certain people. Olivia, Josh, Kathy...","why are you doing this to me?","I'm sorry. I'm poor. I'm hardly making ends meet right now. if I tell you I can't pay it back will you stop? would it get worse? I have negative money right now. ","don't give me that look, I tried to tell you, I tried to keep you inside. but noooo, you had to run out when i was trying to take out the trash and my back was turned for TWO GODDAMMED SECONDS. then i had to listen to you being an absolute whore all night long. i suppose you expect me to pay for all these fucking kids you had in my closet, it's not like the fathers are going to step up, right? of course not, it's all on me again, isn't it.\nenough is enough, you're going to the vet as soon as i can afford it. all i'm going to say is that you're damned lucky you're all so fucking cute. otherwise you'd be out on your asses.\ncute little bastards.sniff","Did... did you copy this comment exactly from the other post?","You have witnessed the birth of a copypasta\n\nOnly time will tell if it will die in this thread or if it will further expand","You've got to be kitten me!!","\"What have I done?\"","So many wiggly babies! @_@ &lt;3 &lt;3","Those kittens are beautiful! The mom is a beauty too","Those dead  eyes\n","\"I should have bought that boat instead.\"","Typically anything swarming is disturbing. But swarming kittens? That I can do.","I've made a horrible mistake ","When I was having sex, I didn't think about all these","I want to upvote this 100x","That one on the left is trying to milk her eardrum.","looks like a teen mom in action","OP missed the opportunity for a cat pun in the title.","That's a bundle of adorable!","Their baby collars though.","\"I lowkey regret the time I spent with those tomcats.\"","it's like a blob made of kitties","Willing to share? Lol","New mom of twins here. This is my life now","I thought one was hard....","[I just imagine this playing over it](http://youtu.be/4zLfCnGVeL4) ","hahaha this is so cute ","what are the collars?\n","\"kill me, kill me\"","This is the exact *opposite* of a problem. ","\"Worth it.\"","oh my god this is goals","Hello darkness my old friend ","are those little tiny flea collars?\n","So much better with music...\n\nhttps://gifsound.com/?gifv=6BIxXz7&amp;v=4zLfCnGVeL4\n\nCredit to /u/recovering_introvert [here](https://redd.it/4g6frq)","don't give me that look, I tried to tell you, I tried to keep you inside. but noooo, you had to run out when i was trying to take out the trash and my back was turned for TWO GODDAMMED SECONDS. then i had to listen to you being an absolute whore all night long. i suppose you expect me to pay for all these fucking kids you had in my closet, it's not like the fathers are going to step up, right? of course not, it's all on me again, isn't it. enough is enough, you're going to the vet as soon as i can afford it. all i'm going to say is that you're damned lucky you're all so fucking cute. otherwise you'd be out on your asses. cute little bastards.sniff\n","I like that this is stickied, thanks. ","I needed more and found this link to their Youtube Chanel. \nhttps://youtu.be/X7mjaIJ6LoU"],["I have a cat that weighs somewhere around 17 pounds and isn't particularly obese.   I still can't quite imagine having a 20+ pound Maine Coon.","Its like having a medium sized dog that is way more agile. It blows my mind when my cat stretches out all the way and is nearly up to the dead bolt on my door.","Hmmm... I should pose that as a challenge to Alex.  (Henceforth known as Al Licks.)","My boy is pretty long when he stretches out, here he is [looking over a fence](http://i.imgur.com/1nRHPP0.jpg) lol, he's not a maincoon though. ","I had a 32lb Maine Coon who wasn't considered overweight. We had stairs and sometimes if we didn't know if a family member had left or not, we'd think it was a family member using the stairs until a cat came barreling down. Same with him walking above us. I often thought my sister was home but then yell for her without a response. So I'd figure it was my cat.\n\nHe was very good about not getting up on furniture or counters. But one day when he was around 5 or so he hopped onto a kitchen counter. We didn't realize. As we were sitting in the living room, connected to the kitchen, we hear this very loud thud that shook the wall between the rooms.\n\nWe also had a backdoor there, so my sister and I (home alone) thought someone broke in, or was trying to. Then my cat came running. We didn't make the connection until my mom heard it twice at night. Then we used duct tape on the counter and found him walking lopsided the next morning. He never used the counters again.\n\nI have to say, out of the 6 cats I've owned, he was by far the most needy and cuddly. I miss that massive sweet guy so damn much.","He sounds like the coolest guy! I'm sorry he's no longer with you. I'm glad you got to have so many good times with him. ","I adopted a coonie because I heard they are emotionally independent. I might have been mislead there.","Well, cats are cats. Somehow they know that's why you got them, and thus they are going to act the complete opposite way.","My \"kitten\" weighs 21lbs and isn't a year old yet. She's a big girl...but has the tiniest little mew of a meow. She still sounds like a wee baby kitten, such a tiny voice from such a giant beast...it's hilarious.","Maine Coons are so regal... and fluffy. Definitely fluffy. :3","Sounds like a housekeeping nightmare on several levels.","It is. Worth it though. :)","Yeah. I can imagine, but it will be so worth it!! I think having a good diet and a regular brushing schedule will keep the hair in check. :)","And I can vouch for the effectiveness of a Neato botvac at keeping the carpet spotless and free from tracked litter bits/maine coon fur.","Our floof ball is an unknown mixed breed, but we highly suspect he's part Maine Coon. He's soooooo regal that we named him after King Bumi from Avatar: Last Airbender, mostly based on the volumes of ear hair they both have. So fluffy... all the fluff... ","Sleeping in their floof","I love Main Coons, but if one decides that it doesn't like you it's a terrifying experience. ","Story time? I've only heard good and fluffy things about these...fluffs","They typically only don't like children under the age of three or so. Something about how small children don't smell fully human to them, more like prey. Kahn my MC will stand up on his back legs and push over small children when they visit. Kind of like a warning that he is the alpha 4 legs or 2. 23lbs of pissed off Maine coon vs even a small adult. Would put money on the Maine coon to draw the most blood.","That is hilarious ","Right? I kinda want Kathy to be my guard cat when small children come around. ","Holy shit, one of my earliest memories is of my grandmother's cat running past three people to maul me, and bite both of my arms through three layers of winter coat, then run away.  That explains much.  I was like three years old.  They had to lock that demon fucker in a room when I visited. ","The main coon I raised from a tiny abandoned kitten once cornered a guy I brought home that she decided shouldn't be there. As in, he was on my bed backing into the corner trying to get away from her. \n\nTurned out to be a psycho though, so good kitty. ","Give your kitty some tuna for me.","What great title to read! ","Awww! A house tiger! :) ","More pics would be nice but can't complain. FLUFF!!!!!","Here you go! Some recent ones:\n\nhttp://imgur.com/a/vnvDm\n\nAnd some older ones from when he was a kitten:\n\nhttps://m.imgur.com/a/Ff5vE\n\nHope these links work, I'm not too good at sharing links correctly!","Those paws! Wow! Love the last one of you two. Very cute!","Thanks, yes he has huge paws :)","They worked perfectly fine, thanks!\nLawd Jesus, I really need to get a MC asap pronto","Those ear tufts!!!","Holy shit he's huge!","Adorable! I want a Maine Coon too :3","I love this cat &lt;3 ugh","/r/LazyCats ","Thank you! I didn't realise there was a sub for that.","sho floof","What a cute, cute kitty 💙","Khajiit has wares, if you have coin","I am the front page now.","Might qualify for /r/tuckedinkitties .\n","/r/mainecoons!","Lynx ears! I have a baby Maine Coon and he's got crazy ear fur....really hoping for the Lynx tufts.","That is a face of nirvanic bliss.  Nobody relaxes like a kitty","mlem","Kajit has wares if you have zzzzzzz....","Male? How old?\n\nAdorable, of course! Those too darn cute slit eyes, the massive maine, and the hairy pointed ears! ","Yeah he's male, but neutered. He has just turned 2 years old.","Aww. He's still basically a baby :)","He sure acts like a big goofy kitten, and he always looks so ashamed of himself whenever he does something dumb and he knows it! :)","Those ear tufts :)","Them coons are so awesome!","Hello there fellow human owned by a coonie.  Is your tiger also a giant sook?","Yes definitely :)","Racist... smh","&gt;Maine Coon\n\nthat's racist."],["It's okay guys. We put for a few seconds just to make a photo. We love this cat.\nThank You for taking care.","Really shouldn't have. Most lilies are toxic to cats. :( ","I've call to my mum. It is not lilies. It is look like it. I can assure that is not. ","Looks an an Amaryllis to me, distantly related to lilies, but no idea if they're toxic to cats.\n\nhttp://i.imgur.com/jejEEWq.jpg\n\nEDIT. Looks like they are toxic, but not to the same extent as lilies are. Still I'd be careful of the cat around it.\n\nhttp://www.petpoisonhelpline.com/poison/amaryllis/","It is definitely an amaryllis.  Source: I grew several rare varieties for a few years.","Came here to say this! The whole plant is toxic to cats, especially the pollen. Pollen can get on the cats fur by simply being near it, cat cleans itself and you have one sick kitty.\n","That is my favorite flower. ","It's either a really huge flower or a really tiny cat","Having come to check for \"OMFG LILLIES!\" comments and found that 6 are already mentioning it, I'll keep my mouth shut and just think \"nice photo!\" :)","Are those lilies????? If you made this pictures get them out and get your cats checked immediately... Cats can die in less then 12 hours from lilies... "]],"Simulated":[["The tread flying off at the end makes it.","i rather enjoyed the exhausts twirling around randomly","They're precision smog reducers! Actually the little tank is just completely adorable. It's like a little derp mobile.","Program Used | Rigidbody Simulation Time | Smoke Simulation Time | Rigidbody Render Time | Smoke Render Time | Total Rigid Body count\n------------|---------------|---------------|-----------|-------------|-----------------------\nBlender 3D | 20 Minutes | 2 hours | 7 Hours | 30 Hours | 2,490\n\n\n[Here is a .Blend file of my tank.](http://www.pasteall.org/blend/41564)\n\nI like it when a physics setup just works; make thing -&gt; point thing uphill -&gt; simulate -&gt; get something beautiful on the first go. Brings a tear to my eye ;‿;\n\nP.S. I 100% hate working with Blender smoke simulations.","I didn't even notice the smoke before reading your table. Totally not worth it.","yah 30 hours for that little puff","I felt bad for missing it, and went back to see it again for OP.","i really enjoyed it\n\nbut not 30 hours enjoyed","But if thirty people got one hour of enjoyment out of it, then it was worth it, right?","did anyone get a full hour out of it","The video's 13 seconds long and has 3944 upvotes, so total there has been at least 14 hours of enjoyment. So we're getting close.","that is fair, but also different than 30 people taking one hour each","~~Eh, the smoke simulation time was 2 hours. 30 hours total simulation time, if mobile reddit isn't deceiving me.~~","OP's table says it was 30 hours just to render the smoke","Oh I see, it's hard to follow it when the words are wrapped. ","i have spent zero hours simulating my reading comprehension apparently","Nope, my bad. I didn't see it clearly because of word wrap on my phone. ","It's pretty fun tho. The exhausts actually rotate","And that's probably what caused 2 hours sim time and 30 hours of rendering time.","A decent chunk of that might have been the part where the red tower falls through the puffs.","The smoke is awesome, but unfortunately it's not 30 hours awesome.","What? I noticed it right away on the first go round while viewing on my phone! Maybe 30 hours for it is a bit intense, but it was still awesome.\n\nAlso: Did anyone else feel strangely sorry for the little tank as it fell? I know it's silly but I got emotionally invested in the little feller.","opinions are like assholes ","Not every asshole has an opinion though.","As someone who knows nothing about rendering this simulation looks like you pointed the physics tank up hill and pressed play on the simulation. What are the render times for? Is that just how long it took for the program to calculate all of the physical effects going on or did you have some sort of manual input? ","I think the render times are for the graphical rendering. If you play pc games it's like setting the graphics to ultra and it goes frame by frame. Though intense physics can also make it go frame by frame","So why is it that I can get an physics engine that works in realtime like Algodoo or Nvidia Flex, but cool stuff like this takes hours to render? I was hoping to be able to mess around with this in realtime with Blender.","The time is primarily for rendering - I.e. Generating realistic photos and/or video.\n\nYou can mess with realtime physics in blender but you won't have all that nice simulated lighting you have herd","Oh cool. I know that the point of everything here is for it to look good so good lighting's important, I might mess around with ugly physics.","If you want realize that falls under the government of video game engines. When working with 3d assets utilizing blender, cinema4d, 3dsmax (the list goes on and on) the physics must be simulated and rendered. Simulation is exactly what you think, the process of calculating dynamics (using math none of us would ever want to do) and rendering is the calculation of light, materials, camera placement, motion and much more to determine what color pixel x of millions is (almost 1 million for one frame @ 1280x720.\nThe reason why it's not real time is its all done with the cpu. Video games utilize engines that preload and cache shaders, have already done the necessary calculations and have preset algorithms in place so that they can utilize a gpu to handle everything. Physics are still done on the cpu but video game physics aren't as accurate as fully simmed physics so they're less taxing. \nHope that helps...\n","It does, but what if you had physics with no shaders? Just gross black and white or random colors?","It still has to calculate geometry, you could have 1:1 perfect simmed physics of say for instance 2d particles, which is where plugins like x-particles and other point based physics systems come in.\nAs long as there is geometry and complex dynamics, the OP posted the non-rendered software display which doesn't look bad but it's not pretty. ","Simulation time refers to calculating the physics in one go and cache the simulation result to my RAM or Harddisk. This allows playback at near real-time to look for errors or behavior I don't want, it also allows me to animate my camera to something that I know isn't going to change.\n\nBut graphically what I get looks like [&gt;this&lt;](https://gfycat.com/RingedUglyGalapagosdove) basically looks like a videogame or worse.\n\nRendering is what turns it into well shadowed, glossy, motion blurred beautiful video.","That is very interesting. Thanks for explaining it.","What are your system specs?","* **processor:** core i7 5930K OC to 4.4GHz\n\n* **RAM:** 64 gigs\n\n* **GPU:** GTX980 Ti 6144 MB\n\nOnly reason I got the Ti instead of a normal GTX980 was because I wanted moar RAM for rendering\n\n","Our PC specs are almost the same, except I use an i7-5820K OC'ed to 4.3GHz. I don't regret getting 64 GB RAM for my 3D stuff. Money well spent.","Do you actually need that much RAM to do 3D rendering work or do you just like to have it just in case?","While I don't *need* that much RAM it's very nice to have.\n\nI do a lot of particle water stuff and cache it all to RAM because it's much faster. I can now simply leave multiple large projects open for the duration of working on them, have old revisions open for reference, stuff like that. I can easily walk past 30 gigs and not bat an eye.\n\nPreviously I would have to close one set of things to make way for another set and waiting for 5-10 gigs worth of stuff to load off the harddisk and into programs is a pain when I might be flip flopping between projects a lot.\n\nP.S. It comes in handy with games too, I can stuff MGS: V The Phantom Pain onto a 30 gig RAM disk and load maps faster than any SSD could.","Nice.","Damn, that's amazing. Now I want 64 gigs of RAM. ","Depends on the scene you're rendering. Complicated scenes eat RAM for breakfast.","According his post history (if he uses same machine without upgrading in 8 months):\n\nprocessor: core i7 930\n\nRAM: 24 gigs\n\nprimary GPU: GTX580 1536 MB\n\nslave GPU: GTX460 768 MB","I've upgraded since then :D The six year old I7 930 was really dragging my simulation times into the dirt.\n\nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/Simulated/comments/4g7u73/physics_driven_tank/d2fj2bx","[deleted]","Blender has problems with its smoke simulating and rendering that I'm now painfully aware of and I am now going to avoid using it until it's fixed.\n\nThis is actually 1/2 the reason I make these little animations is so I'm familiar with how it works and what kind of workflow I can expect when working on more important projects.","I use C4D, but it's same same really. I'm always test rendering stuff, just when I'm finishing for the day or whatever, to see if I'm going to run into something unexpected etc. Also, there's a few decent online render farms where you can upload your file to render in minutes. I'm on a 2011 i7 iMac, so I use them a bunch for my 3D stuff. I'll be switching to master race this year though - here's the one I use at the moment, it's surprisingly cheap now they've added more CPUs (3000) https://us.rebusfarm.net/en/ - There are plenty of alternatives though. ","Wow that's ancient hardware. OP should consider an upgrade ASAP","Are you able to control the camera aperture? ","yes! just mark the cam as active object, then its settings appear","That is amazingly fast. What is your machine's spec.","Honestly looks more like steam (i.e. dissipates too quickly) than smoke. Not worth it.","Don't listen to 'em OP, I think the smoke was kickass.","Are you in the industry? ","I just stumbled across this subreddit and this looks dope as shit, do you know if you can do these simulations on a cluster computing network? I have access to one and it would be cool to run it on a cluster to do longer simulations.","you gotta optimize that smoke render time man, that is way too long.","I know :C\n\nTurns out blenders adaptive domain for smoke has errors when rendering with a random chance to render a frame right vs rendering with black errors all over. Took a long time to fix it. not worth.","The rotating exhausts add a bit of hilarious whimsy to the whole deal though. What's really funny is for some reason I got emotionally invested in the little tank and as it drove off the edge I felt sad for the little booger!","Great work! What sort of license do you want to release this under? Obviously if I use it anywhere I'll credit you however you like - but do you mind me using it in YouTube videos that are monetised with advertising? ","The smoke looks great though. Except at the very end, when the image blurs. The smoke just vanishes unnaturally at that point.","&gt; The smoke just vanishes unnaturally at that point.\n\nYup, got frustrated how many errors and bad frames I was getting at that point. Stopped rendering and faded it out in compositing hoping no one would notice (or care)","Stick with particles for now, unless the smoke is the focus of your piece. Much easier to work with, and non-graphics-enthusiasts will never notice it, plus it should be faster. Other than that, this was fantastic work. If you were going for the red bricks acting like legos, you nailed it. ","The exhaust pipes.","We know you like spinners, so we put spinners on your exhaust pipes.","They were the best part","Great render! Just noticed the tiny spinning exhaust pipes &lt;3","Definitely one of the best simulations on this subreddit.","So juicy.","I love the vivid colors! And that struggle to pierce through the red block, wow. Great render!","Fantastic!","Contraption","in a world where almost everything is super fragile...\n\nPHYSICS TAAAAANK!","This so amazingly satisfying.","Just imagine - in ~10-15 years maybe we'll have real-time games looking like this.","Complete with spinny exhaust pipes.","Isn't literally everything physics driven?","Well yes. But what I'm referring to is how it's not a keyframed tank or simply an object that was 'thrown' in the right direction to make it crash into the bricks. It's got little physics motors with finite torque turning the wheels for me.\n\nor maybe I just wanted a title people would click on ;;;;)","Wow, that's absolutely amazing! Great job!\n\nI'm really impressed how well it runs, many physics driven sims can get a little wonky. ","DO more! on a bigger scale on a bigger board! make it go for longer running into various miscellaneous things!\n\nfk the smoke render. ","^ I posted my tank setup .blend in my main comment up above.\n\nIf you know enough about blender you could make your own scene for it to crash through.","A few noob questions/..1. How did you learn about blender and how to use it? 2. What hardware is best to render something like your simulation? Thanks","Learning a program like Blender is kinda like trying to learn a game like World of Warcraft, except you start at level 100 and there wasn't a tutorial.\n\nYou have to strip it down to the basics and take it in bite sized pieces like how the interface works, how to manipulate objects in 3D space, etc.\n\nThe best way to do this is to simply set yourself small incremental goals and use Blender a lot. Watch tutorials and copy them. [This is a good video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nHVYYMG3QVY); in the lower left corner it shows which hotkeys he uses and can give you a good idea of what features and keys get used most for moving objects and the camera around.\n\nWhen you get stuck try finding more specific info or tutorials about that issue, sometimes if you're **really** stuck, looking up the methods behind a feature can help, for example what does rigid body actually mean? what does convex hull collision mean?\n\nThe good news though, computer simulations are better-suited to work with very simple 3D models. Minimalistic designs can still be very good looking.\n\nAs for rendering, I used Blender's Cycles renderer which allows ray-tracing to be done on my graphics card. nVidia was the fastest at rendering and supported the most render features for a while but I hear AMD is catching up. Although rendering on your CPU isn't the end of the world if it's relatively new and high-end.\n\nMaking a render look *nice* is actually a skill-set itself separate from how technically good your render is(just look at the original Toy Story). Looking at references like how professionals light products or general real life lighting tutorials can mesh well with learning how lights work and look good inside a 3D program.\n\nLearning something new will always be frustrating but eventually the payoff will outweigh the pain. Hope this was helpful. :D","Thanks man really appreciate the reply will try this out.","\"Learning a program like Blender is kinda like trying to learn a game like World of Warcraft, except you start at level 100 and there wasn't a tutorial.\"\nI was a java web application programmer before I retired, which is probably one of, if not the most complicated system to learn.  After I retired I started playing with Blender and realized that it's just as complicated as java web applications development; a ton of stuff to learn and remember.","Hardware wise you want a beefy CPU with a ton of cores and GPU wise you want a big fat nVidia monster.","I could watch this all day","If you show this gif to people ten years ago their mind would totally explode.\n\nIt's amazing how far we've go.","this was so cool! can we get more of this types of simulations? from anyone really, not just OP\n\nbtw OP nice work!👍","That is beautiful. I'm so envious of you guys and your programming skills. I would learn just to play with these physics simulators and see what i could come up with.  More tanks pls :D","How do you make these things, I am a beginner","Cute tank!","Everything seems accurate except for the exhaust vents just spinning and doing whatever they want.","I don't know, if you look at the way the tower falls into its footprint at free fall speeds...","aw poor tank fell off and broke :(\n\nseriously though that's a pretty awesome simulation","That's neat!","When it lags a bit you get this illusion that the track is running in reverse.","Wow, Physics is a shitty driver.","Can I play this game?","I love this! The lighting is great :)","CHOO CHOO MOTHERFUCKERS","Fuck, I LIKE that","We need video games with these physics engines.","I think OP just discovered a new form of art because I could watch this for hours.\n","Here is a word cloud of every comment in this thread, as of this time: http://i.imgur.com/uJdRt9Q.png\n\n---\n\n[^[source ^code]](https://github.com/Winneon/makeswordclouds) [^[contact ^developer]](https://reddit.com/user/WinneonSword) [^[request ^word ^cloud]](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=makeswordcloudsagain&amp;subject=Requesting%20word%20cloud.&amp;message=%2Bcreate%20REPLACE_THIS_WITH_A_REDDIT_POST_PERMALINK)","lol it's like a slower version of the new Batmobile","Reminds me of Fantastic Contraption. ","I was a little sad when it flew into the void","This reminds me of that old iOS game, Jelly Car. Anyone remember that?","OMGGG It's so cute! :o","Holy shit this is gorgeous. Well done, op. ","Imagine having these effects in a game, oh wait, we could if people would only realize that PhysX is awesome (and AMD's equivalent)","They might be amazing, but they're still too slow. It took 20 minutes to simulate around 10 seconds of physics.","How far off do you think we are from having stuff like this in war games? I want to shoot a rocket at a building and see a fuck ton of bricks.","Red Faction Guerrilla was disappointing but it's as close as you can get right now.","Small buildings like the one in the OP might be reasonable in a few years when either processors are good enough to calculate physics fast, or when physics calculations are more optimised. But big buildings is going to be a looong while off. \n\nThe best option for things like that is split the building into bunches of bricks, you'd get better performance but it won't look as good.(it's essentially big bricks)\n\nAlternatively, \"build\" the buildings out of something bigger. I'd suggest some sort of panelling, but then you need to consider indentations from other rigid bodies. \n\nThere's too many variables to say for sure.","Rust is kind of like that.","Actually a real-time specialized physics engine could probably do this fast enough to build gameplay around it.\n\nAn example that comes close is a game called [Besiege](http://store.steampowered.com/app/346010/)\n\nMy tank by itself without the broken ground or the 5000 brick building simulates at 23 frames per second and could probably go faster with some optimization.\n\nBig game companies ignore massive physics because\n\n* console CPU power isn't going to get faster for a while\n* it's very hard to sync so many object over multiplayer","I have besiege. There's very few physics objects in the game, and the calculation like takes exponentially longer as you add more objects.","The simulation is so-so, but I love the smoothness.","Guys, pls no downvoterinoing this poor soul.\n\n/u/obviously_suspicious speaks the truth, everything surrounding the tank took maybe 30 minutes of setup. Though the tank took longer to make work it's still very simple (really, look at the .blend file. it's just hinges and motors).\n\nThe real reason people like my animation is because of the presentation and rendering like 60FPS to make it smooth, vivid colors so people click the thumbnail, not having any dead time at beginning or end to make it easy to watch over and over again.\n\nBut the fact still stands that if it were only the tank with nothing to crash into it would be 'so-so'. And if it were just a brick building falling over it would be 'bleh not another one'.\n\nAll these things work together to make something people like.","Thank you for reasonable attitude. This is another example of redditors using downvotes for disagreeing.","when will we be able to render these in the matter of minutes and apply it to VR?","Top gear did it first","Do this with 2 tall towers and some airplanes and see what happens...","Now simulate the engines :o\n\nEdit: I just thought it would be cool... :'|","WTF do you mean, \"physics-driven\"?","I have the weirdest boner right now."],["I loved it. The music made it perfect!","Holy shit that was comical. Lmao","I don't care if it's not accurate, I loved it! :D","render time?","About a month-ish on my desktop which has an amd 6 core phenom II and 8 gigs of ram. Not the greatest setup ever (threw it together like 5 years ago), and unfortunately I can't use my gpu because of AMD driver limitations. I was initially going to use [sheepit](https://www.sheepit-renderfarm.com/) but the individual frame render time was too high, so I just let in run on my computer in the background for a while.","Nice one! Is this in LuxRender?","Thanks! Nope just plain old cycles :)","I bet you had fun! I loved it!"],["first get some comfortable pants","Im always in comfortable pants! :D","https://www.reddit.com/r/Simulated/comments/35jhz8/getting_started_with_3d_simulations_megathread/ From the sidebar :)","Start with blender. It's free, and you can do almost anything on it.","Thanks! /u/wolfy21_ sent me a link of how I can get started with blender","I know you said 3D, but if you're interested in some casual physics fun you could check out /r/oeCake","Thanks! Can be good to have some physics in the backbone of the 3D creating! :)","Was more thinking, is there any sites that provide help? Any programs that is recommended I could use? ","Not sure if you already got your answer, but Blender. It's very robust so may take some time to getting to know what the buttons do, but once you discover keyframes it all flows from there.","I got it yesterday but today is the day I will start with it! :D much to learn from now, hopefully with success! ","youtube.  There are many blender tutorials on youtube. With youtube remember that you can change the speed of a video by clicking on the gear icon; I typically increase it to 1.25."]],"tumblr":[["Read this as Bronzies","holy shit me too, wtf.\n\nthought it was about league","You can tell when a post is just plain good because it has no comments.\n\nWait, shit.","You fucked up. ","You played yourself ","[Honestly...](http://i.imgur.com/9MsrR73.jpg)","Sometimes reddit is like a game of 'spot the hurtful stereotypes'.","fuck","The hashtag was better than the post.\n\nEdit: Can someone explain to me why this was so universally hated? I ask out of genuine curiosity.","\\#you nerds had better upvote this","[removed]","As long as they aren't those obsessive ones they are OK in my book. Had a classmate who watched mlp. We talked sometimes","I had a classmate (back in highschool) who watched mlp and for the literacy magazine (where students write short  stories for a magazine the school sells) he wrote a 15 page mlp fanfic with a frankly shocking amount of pony lesbian sex. We didn't talk much.","That's weird. How did they even publish that?","They didn't. When he was told that they couldn't publish it he got really angry and aggressive and said that they were \"censoring his art\" and violating his free speech etc. Also it's worth noting that to be in the mag the story would have to be somewhat good (they rejected lots of submissions), and even if the story had been pg and not about ponies it still would have been rejected, because the writing was terrible.","What's his Reddit username?\n\nEdit: what, are we acting like that guy *doesn't* post on Reddit?","No but they're not gonna let you harass the kid","Rhetorical question. I don't *actually* want his name.","It probably didn't get published, only submitted. ","The fandom confuses me, you have these people making awesome art and cosplays then you have the weirdos. I mean, its a good show and all, but nothing to obsess over. ","Don't say that to the girl in my bio lab that literally dresses like a fucking cat every day. ","You should bring in a feather toy or a ball of yarn and see if it distracts her.","Here's the thing about her: she's never actually owned a cat.","Oh gosh. Sounds like some deep-seated childhood issue. Parents said she could never have a cat, but that was okay. After all, the neighbor's cat, Mister Jingle Mitts, would always come over and play with her. But, one day he stopped showing up and the neighbors said Mister Jingle Mitts disappeared (as cats do). So she asked her parents again, but of course they said \"No,  we're sorry sweetheart, but daddy's allergic. We can never get a kitty.\" So she pretended to have an imaginary pet kitty and as she grew up.... she became that kitty.  ","No one is turning themselves into a goddamn cat with my money!","That's literally every fandom","Literally any and all fandoms have weirdos. I love Wreck it Ralph, but I know there is so much Ralph/Vanelope porn. I love Rooster Teeth but I know there are plenty of Gav/Barb ships. I've even seen sexy weeping angels out of the Dr Who fandom. ","I like RT too, seeing how much they look at rule 34, they should have a demo disc looking at rule 34 of rt","It's a good show? I mean, I guess it's well drawn. It's for kids, though. ","It's a good show, but you don't have to be a kid to enjoy it. It can be enjoyed by all ages. ","My wife watched every single episode of Phineas and Ferb and the episodes I saw with her were fantastic. I don't think something being made mainly for children makes it bad for adults. Some shows are just super fun for all ages. If Phineas and Ferb is great for an adult, why not MLP?","Normally a show for kids is made simple, has simple plots and simple characters. It differs from show to show, but most of them are like that. ","Most *bad* kids shows are like that. Good ones have characters that work on two levels, one where they're amazingly stereotypical, and one where they're really fleshed out and have long running motivations that you can read into if you pay attention. \n\nBut really, it seems like every show with multiple writers and a decently sized cast does that. Star Trek almost always had a big enough cast that some characters are just around to fulfill their stereotype and then get out of the way of a story. Kirk runs into an injured life form, waves over McCoy, who scans it with the tricorder, frowns, says something, Kirk doesn't get it, Spock gets it and makes a comment, Kirk keeps looking confused, McCoy explains better, Kirk understands, asks if McCoy can do anything, \"Dammit, Jim, I'm a doctor, not a _\" and then Kirk runs off to shoot/punch/screw somebody/thing. \n\nThere, I just described roughly a quarter of the original series. I could do the same with Ponies (to a lesser extent as the series went on), but I could do the same with House (\"It's never lupus\"), or any of a ton of other formulaic shows like that. The characters take their turns developing behind their stereotypes, but the stereotypes don't change much. That's just the nature of most TV, and even the shows which attempt to avoid that kind of slice-of-life-ness seem about evenly split between older and younger audiences. \n\nEdit: I guess the full sequence actually has Spock explain what McCoy said, and then Kirk goes \"but what does that have to do with _?\", and then McCoy drops the bombshell plot twist, and then Kirk asks if McCoy can do anything..., or there's a commercial break. ","You mean literally every fanbase ever that has more than just 12 year old kids in it?","Oh shit, when I was the editor of our literary magazine we had a brony submit fanfic, too. His wasn't about pony sex, though, it was the introduction to an entire book he had written about some kind of pony war. ","The same goes with fans of anything. Harry Potter, Doctor Who, Anime, MLP, Star Trek, even Hockey or Football. As long as you don't go overboard, it's chill.","Also, I don't think you should make a big deal you watch it. No one is really interested, :/","I used to be pretty into it. I have some shirts and other merch, and I even went to a con once. I kinda fell out of it, but I can still honestly say I like the show,  even if I mainly watch it with my 4 year old sister now. ","I would like to go to a bronycon. How was it? ","It was fun. It was DerpyCon, in New Orleans. It was really small, but there were a lot of cool people there and the cosplays were pretty neat. There wasn't much in the way of panels or anything, but the artists tables were awesome. ","That sounds really cool, thanks for sharing","I had a classmate who openly admitted to jerking off to MLP.","That's definitely a healthy sexual fantasy with no concerning underlying psychological issues.","/r/clopclop","yep","nope, that's why they have the free time and numbers to DV you\n\n**TRUMP 2016**","what?"],["Oh jesus christ, I've done this. I've actually done this","I can't believe you've done this","ah, fock","How does that make you feel?","I am okay with it.","**me:** me too thanks","\"What are you playing at?\" -me","\"Who paid you to say that?\"","I'm so glad I'm not the only person who says cool beans in real life. ","I usually say \"shut up.\"","Free ticket to dumpsville ","Shouldn't it be Awesome Sauce?"],["Fucking Tumblr green text man","Thanks for not putting the punch line in the title.","For those interested this kind of joke is called a shaggy dog story. \n\nhttps://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shaggy_dog_story\n\nMy personal favorite:\n\n\nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/1t5etd/ving_and_ling/?sort=confidence","Reminds me of the longest joke of all time. ","snake and lever?","Yeah. I love that shit","If you haven't read it, shame on you, but you might as well go read it now. After all, ___________.","I disagree. A shaggy dog story is pointless and anticlimactic. This looks like a regular fairy tale and has a punchline after the climax.","what am i even supposed to react with? it's just a story?","It's a pun. ","## **OH SHIT**","I think I'm still missing it. ","&gt;living well\n\na well that is alive  \nliving your life in a good way","Living well. ","last line","Oooohhh shit","I usually hate puns, but this is incredibly clever! Can I please have more idiom puns?","Just Google \"4chan bait green text\" this is a classic method of storytelling there.","[This](http://slatestarcodex.com/2013/04/01/a-good-pun-is-its-own-reword) is a post about puns by the guy who wrote the pun in OP's image.","[that pun](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JCdCLgZrBI)","&gt;youtube\n\n dont got time or battery for that shit"]],"sports":[["Tradition states you shouldn't keep an opposing team's home run. Unless it is actually worth something.\n\nThen keep it.","[deleted]","Seems an incredibly specific thing to prepare for given the odds of catching a home run ball","Dude, everyone brings a mitt to the game.  Just in case someone pulls a hamstring and they start substituting with fans or something.","Can confirm, this happened with Junior 6 or 7 times.","Also in my favorite sports documentary Rookie of the Year. ","Did he say \"funky buttlovin'\"?","Yeaaah! This is why I always dress like a Captain when I go flying, In case the pilot or co-pilot had the fish meal midway through our flight. ","I have season tickets just above the home team dugout on the third base side.  I get probably 5 balls a year whether it be a foul or from a player throwing it to us.  I keep a switcheroo ball on me to give to little kids so I don't look like a greedy old bastard :(....","You greedy old bastard","Well even with small odds, not like it hurts to bring a ball, nothing to lose.","Except a ball","that's only lost in exchange for a better ball","My ex-wife exchanged a pair of balls for another once. Last I heard, it's not working out like she hoped.","Savage","ive been exploiting the economics of this situation for quite some time now. generally i sneak several generic baseballs in by stuffing them up my ass, and then sell the poop-covered baseballs to mariners fans  ","/u/semenpenis sounds like he knows what he's talking about, y'all. \n\nSidenote: as a Seattle resident + non-fan of the Mariners, poop covered baseballs would be a step up from the shit I have to watch from them each season.","Hey. Braves fan here. Everybody fuck off.","Still drink my morning coffee out of the '95 WS mug","Not true. I could lose that ball a million ways.","If I don't own a baseball to begin with, now I gotta go find a ball.","throw a tennis ball\n","You might enjoy this:\nhttp://www.odditycentral.com/news/baseball-fan-has-caught-over-5800-home-run-and-foul-balls.html\n\nI think there's even a bigger documentary on him.","You lose pocket or bag space","Correct. Need that space for tot storage.","Yep:  http://i.imgur.com/oVKyDNc.jpg","[Or....](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cQruSrslSU)","This kid will grow up to be the guy who orders takeout for a date and passes it off as his own cooking.","Tge ol' steamed ham switcheroo. ","https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDUIGvpDolw\n\nYou know: just in case.","The kid had already gotten a ball earlier and he gave her that one. I saw an interview with him but can't find it. I swear. Also, you don't know my girlfriend; she's from Canada.\n\nIn the last shot, you can see that the kid to his right has one too. Sitting in those seats, being little kids, they probably got 5-6 that day.","I know, I was more concerned with the idea though...\n\nWhat does your girlfriend have to do with anything? ","Because I had no way to prove what I was saying, just that I said so. You know, like my girlfriend, who is totally real. You guys just don't know her or any of her friends because she's not from around here.","My dad pulled the switcheroo when I was a kid. We caught a ball during batting practice, then he catches a 3 run homer hit by Jay Buhner.\n\n\nEveryone starts chanting \"THROW IT BACK,\" so he sits down, swaps the balls and throws back the ball from batting practice as I watch in horror.","\"Dad, that's a tennis ball.\" -_-","That would be the funniest switcheroo ever. Just throws a tennis ball out onto the field.","It's also something that players can sign.","Unless you're [this guy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zack_Hample) who has caught over 8,000 balls, including A-Rod's 3000th ~~homerun~~ hit.\n\nOver 20 years of bringing my glove to the ballpark I've never even been close.","3000th hit which happened to be a home run. I won't even snark about the steroid era in response to a typo. Sorry to let Reddit down. ","I cant stand this guy. By all accounts, Im a pacifist but I just want to punch this guy in the face so bad. He's the perfect mixture of desperation and smugness. Watching him hustle all over ball parks, lying and deceiving players, coaches, and fans alike just to get a worthless $2 piece of rubber and leather. He steals chances for little kids to leave a game with a token of the great memory they'll have going to the ballpark and he's smug about it. He's so pathetic just [look at the guy.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRwk6W22EAc) Worst. Person. Ever. (that isnt doing anything illegal or harming anyone else)","Idk. A friend of my mine has season tickets and he catches 2-3 home run balls a year.","Must be a Rockies fan.","As someone who doesn't know much about baseball what exactly is this joke referencing?","Home runs are hit more often at the Rockies stadium. Due to the altitude in Denver, theres less air resistance on the balls hit. So in other stadiums where it may be a fly out to outfield, it will probably be a home run in Denver. ","Allstar99 baseball.   It had the Denver mechanics.   That game was super easy to hit home runs.   \n\n\n6 hours in and only at the third inning the game finally crashes.    I had a score into the few hundreds.    Even the pitcher was hitting homeruns.   ","Some cool things happen at high altitude. My college is at nearly 8,000 feet and we can't be counted for ncaa records because of it. Marathon type events are slower because ultimately your body is getting less oxygen, but sprint events are faster because the air is thinner/less dense and provides less air resistance.\n\n\nIn a similar vein, a non turbo charged car can lose a lot of its horsepower at this altitude, but a turbo charged car can keep the atmo pressurized, not lose any power and be faster because there is less air resistance. ","And planes need longer runways.","Coors Field is particularly conducive to home run batting. Something about the size of the stadium and elevation? The ball is supposed to travel 9% farther at 5,280 feet than at sea level. It's the most prolific offensive field in baseball history. ","[deleted]","I have had a 28 game package for 4 years now, in home run alley in Left Field, in the 4th row.  Never got one.  Came close once.  Your friend must be quite lucky.  Or low attendance.","If there's even a 1% I can catch that ball, I have to treat it as an absolutely certainty!","Same reason people bring baseball gloves to a game","There's a science to catching them if you know what you're doing. Some guy makes a living off of it iirc, would find link but on mobile. ","Do you know how many people bring gloves to games? It's the same thing.","Some people get to games early for batting practice and grab home run or foul balls there. Much easier than bringing your own and if you dont catch one, you still get a souvenir ","Huh... but it's still not worth anything, right? The only way to convince anyone that you actually have the real game ball would be to show them the footage of you catching it. I guess you'd know. But you'd also apparently know that keeping it was some kind of betrayal to your team.","MLB has an authenticator at every game that will put a sticker on it for you to prove your memorabilia is real. But it looks like you have to bring it to them as it happens at the game, not on a later date\n\nhttp://mlb.mlb.com/mlb/authentication/program.jsp","Reninds me of this [Cassanova](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=8cQruSrslSU)","Holy shit.  I've seen that clip 10 to 20 times but never noticed he gave her a decoy ball.  This may be the smoothest kid in the entire world.","http://m.mlb.com/video/topic/6479266/v32952311/tortex-young-fan-gives-decoy-ball-to-pretty-lady","http://youtu.be/m9Ep94dPGwE","Guy in front of me in the Wrigley bleachers did it once. Took it out of his back pocket and threw it on the field. Everyone was very confused seeing two balls laying next to each other on the field.","While tradition states that you're supposed to throw it back, some ballparks strictly enforce a \"no throwing things on the field\" rule and will eject you if you do this.","Then how will you ever find the next Henry Rowengartner?","Throw him the cheese! Throw him the high, stinky limburger!","Did he say \"[Funky butt-lovin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Nd693I5X1E)'?\"","I haven't seen Rookie of the Year in about a decade and just realized that's what they were referencing in this [Workaholics](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QIhEwXGY_oM) episode","No ballpark is going to kick a fan out for throwing back an opposing team homerun. \n\nEdit: well shit, I was wrong. Dude was kicked out of the Rockies stadium recently. http://www.nydailynews.com/sports/baseball/family-kicked-rockies-game-throwing-ball-back-article-1.2602988","&gt; http://www.nydailynews.com/sports/baseball/family-kicked-rockies-game-throwing-ball-back-article-1.2602988\n\nWow. I was sitting next to this guy. The entirely section booed the staff so hard when they pulled him out. ","Fun in major league baseball?  That's an ejection from the stadium. ","My favorite part.\n&gt; On Thursday, the Rockies told CBS that only Sanchez was told to leave the stadium, not Jayden and Jeramiiah.\n\nWe only kicked out the adult guardian. The unattended children could have stayed if they wanted to do so.","Damn Rockies, chill out.","Fenway kicks you out for doing it ","Not Wrigley though, right?  For some reason I was under the impression Cubs fans started this.","That guy doesn't even look like he's following any sort of tradition.  \n\nHe seems to generally not want the ball anywhere around him. ","\"You touched it... now the team is cursed. Just gonna toss it away like you just tossed our season with your cursed hands. Thanks a lot.\"","it looks exactly like hes following the tradition. When the away team hits a homerun and it comes right to you, that reaction makes sense. its a \"fuck this\" reaction","\"I'm disgusted that this came within arms reach while my team's not at bat.\"","Everyone can kiss my ass...if i catch a homerun ball by anyone. ... I'm keeping it.","A fan from Philly refusing to throw things on the field?!?!?1?  What's next, cats and dogs living in harmony?","this is the kind of tradition created by salty fans who never catch a homerun ball i feel like. ive seen people booed when they dont throw it back too...","Is it acceptable to find a child, and give it to them?","Only if you proceed to through said child on the field.\n\nEdit:  Should be \"throw\".  Me fail English, that's unpossible.","I can get seats right on the Brewers dugout and you get at least one ball a game. Against the Cubs after the game I was looking for a kid to give it to and spotted a dad with his Brewers fan daughter and Cubs fan son. I walked over handed her the ball, turned to the younger son, looked him square in the eyes and said \"I'd give you one too but Cubs fans don't get game balls.\"  The dad got a good laugh out of it and the young cub fan got an important lesson in disappointment which will surely help him out in the future.","I appreciate the look on his face when he tosses the ball back.  Exactly the right amount of disgust.","Like tossing a dead mouse into the gutter.","Like pushin' grandma down the stairs.","Or putting a hamster in a sock and flinging the sock on furniture.","Or putting a hamster in a sock, flinging the sock at Grandma, who trips over the furniture, knocking her down the stairs","And then the hamster is launched into a gutter","Bitch loves to tumble.","Fuck that. I keep the ball, put in my room and eventually lose it and forget about it.","I have a game ball, from about 1993 padres vs braves. Its in a sandwich bag at my parents house. \n\nDo I need it? no not really. worth anything? I think not.\n","It's worth about the price of an old, used baseball.","damn. Been hanging onto it for 23 years, should have just thrown it back into the stadium. ","I sure it has more value to you than other people. I'd hang on to it and pass it off to your kid or something.","Also make up a better story.  \n\n\"This is the baseball my father caught on his first date with my mother\"","Tony Gwynn wasn't the only one that got to third base twice that night. ","Is the stadium still there? It may not be too late.","A sandwich bag?\n\nYou should at least upgrade to a milk bag you heathen!","It must've been a slider","Hey-o!","https://media.giphy.com/media/9wHtWs7MJct1u/giphy.gif","Milk....bag...?","Yes.  A milk bag.  And before you ask, we have a much harder time finding missing Canadian children than our American brothers...","[you guys are the weird ones, paying a buck extra for plastic](https://junkdrawer67.files.wordpress.com/2011/10/milk-bag.jpg)","http://www.marketingmag.ca/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/Screen-shot-2015-04-02-at-12.54.53-PM.png","I didn't realize how much I wanted this.","Why?  So all of your beer can go flat at once?","You're assuming it'll spend enough time in the bag to go flat.","I wish more things came in bags, so much easier to dispense into containers. I've been getting hand soap in bags, but it could be used for so much more - bag shampoo, bag body wash, bag ketchup. I like bags.","what about a bag of bags?","Ask any British person, [we've all got those.](http://i3.mirror.co.uk/incoming/article6603041.ece/ALTERNATES/s615b/PAY-teso-bag.jpg)","Why do you have anti-theft tags on bags that run 10p? Is that really necessary?","It's because by law you can't get free bags from shops any more. I think it was a temporary thing while people adjusted (and stopped stealing them out of spite). ","&gt;TESCO GLORIOUS FOOD","You need a [bag hutch.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gdAJefPME4)","How is a bag that can't keep its shape easier to dispense out of than a bottle or a carton that's solid with a nice purposfully shaped hole to pour out of?","Northern Wisconsin and Minnesota sell milk in a bag. Not sure about any other states","The 11th and 12th provinces.","Must be a regional thing-- but where do people get milk in bags?","Canada, Ontario and east.","Canada?","Only in the east. We in Alberta use cartons like a civilized society. ","Alberta; Civilized.\n\nHuh.\n\nEveryone is allowed their own small delusion.","Only so far east,  I had never seen a milk bag in Newfoundland.","Yeah, but you don't see electricity often in Newfoundland either!","New Brunswick has both cartons and bags","Nobody cares about New Brunswick! ","It doesn't have a good mall.\n","As someone who's moving from Ontario to Edmonton, the biggest adjustment by far will be going to the store and not instinctively looking for the bagged milk.","They have them in Wisconsin but when I lived in Michigan I never heard of them. ","I'd pay upwards of $30, depending on exactly what game it was.\n\nLong time Braves fan here, looking for *anything* to spice up my sports life right now.","Are balls marked with the game they were from or anything?","He's just releasing it back into the wild, where it belongs","Return from whence you came!","Put that thing back where it came from or so help me!","We're rehearsing for a play. ","We're just rehearsing for a play at the Blandford Recreation Centre.","A bit more successful than Gob though","Until you are complete \"agay-n\".","It belongs in a museum. ","'Would you like to release Voltorb into the wild? \n\n &gt;yes\n\n &gt;no' ","[Yep, I could use this.](http://i.imgur.com/YCSl221.gif)","You are supposed to throw it back if you catch a home run by the opposing team","This kid did it right, https://youtu.be/_s-uoh_QGSE\n Better one https://youtu.be/CsLOzF-Gt74","This kid knows what's up: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cQruSrslSU","Jesus christ. I'm in my thirties and I know for a fact that kid could teach me moves for days. Amazing. So instinctual. Pure smooth.","Just hope the ladies don't see the video go viral later on.","Or hope the ladies see it and see how fucking smooth they got played and what a baller that kid was","That was smooth like butter on a bald monkey.","\"He could play Center Field for the Phillies\"\n\n¯\\\\\\_(ツ)_/¯","some nice arms you got there... you could probably play center field for us too","Coach: \"You got one arm?\"\n\nRookie CF: \"Nope just a claw.\"\n\nCoach: \"As long as you can catch and throw that'll do.\"","[This kid did it better.](http://i.imgur.com/JndgmVY.gif)","http://i.imgur.com/F5mksR8.gif","Love the kid logic, \"Ball ain't for keepin', they're for throwing.\"","Love how the mom is like wtf? And the other kid is like nice throw, get the hell out the way mom, I wanna see how far he threw it.","Looks like the dad didn't even notice.","Funky-butt-lovin!","Give him the cheese! The hot, stinky cheddar!","Did you say Funky Butt-lovin?","Ha!  Gary Busey.","Oh shit I totally forgot he was in that movie","So is the Janitor from Scrubs...","HOW AM I DOIN' TODAY GARY BUSEY!","It didn't even dawn on me until the other day, that kid went on to become Kevin in the American Pie movies and Walt Disney in the  \"Walt Before Mickey\" biopic.","Doesn't the announcer specifically reference this in the audio at the end?","Saw that coming. lol","Haha...random shot at the Phillies in a Cubs v Dodgers game.","I keep seeing Cubs fans throwing back balls. Do the Cubs have a really bad pitcher or something?","Not this year. ","Be careful where you do this. Some ballparks have rules about throwback balls. Just the other day, a guy and his kid was thrown out of Coors Field for this. ","Turner Field (Braves) will throw you out.\n\nOr they would have before like 2013. Now they will just beg you to stay, and come back next week, or ever again...\n\n;_;","You're only allowed to throw beer bottles and trash","Kinda like Toronto?","The fans at Wrigley will throw you out if you don't throw it back ","Why would they throw people out for chucking the ball back? ","wastes time. player has to go get the ball, and they're not gonna toss it back into the bleachers where it came from in case it gets thrown back *again*, so they have to toss it across the field to a dugout which takes longer (not by that much really, but still longer). there's also the potential for hitting a player with the thrown-back ball.","Because baseball is otherwise such a fast-paced thrill ride.","lame","Rogers Centre (where this was done) will also kick you out. ","You misspelled SkyDome. How embarrassing. ","Looks like she's saying throw it back as she hands it to him","that's exactly what she's saying. Smart couple.","\"Ughhh another Donaldson home run, we already have like 5 of these\"","he threw that ball away like it has herpes. i like the look of hatred for that ball he displays","I would keep it and have no regrets. I've been to dozens of games and only got close once. I really want a home run ball. ","Hi Giphy, I'm a phone. Can you please make Giphy responsive? Thanks :)","Pretty sure she wrote 'Let's Have a Baby' on it.","She says \"throw it back\" ","I thought she mouthed \"do it\"","[removed]","Hit People and Milk Baseball are my favorite. ","Maybe they thought Major League Baseball needs this more than us.","Now, what I'm really interested in knowing, is who hit that homer???","So I was at Rogers Centre last year and asked an usher about this, you will be ejected if they catch you doing that, which is STUPID!\n\nI mean, if it's the middle of the next play, ok.... or if you're an idiot and do this.\n\nhttp://news.nationalpost.com/sports/mlb/fan-throws-back-toronto-blue-jays-home-run-ball-in-new-york-hits-yankees-outfielder-brett-gardner-in-the-head\n\nAnyway, I hope they didn't toss this guy.\n\nAll that said, if you give it to a kid around you, you'll make his month.","She says \"Throw it away\" read her lips","I t looks like she says \"Throw this away\"","I think she says \"you do it.\"","hot ice","But the space is even better if used for pocket spaghetti. That's why we have 2 pockets. One for spaghetti, one for tots!","Here is a guy doing it twice and filming it . \n\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYFmATaSWqA&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=4m20s\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Jz1frS57x4&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=2m23s\n\n","I've heard of people playing catch with them in the meantime but it's probably just another one of those apocryphal stories.","Circa 1997? ","What?","I'm from Toronto. I would guess that this was from around 1997. ","this was from today's game","Seriously? The jerseys look like that still? ","Its pretty rare. I think these people would be hard pressed to find 5 videos of a fan throwing another ball back. I think its mainly tradition  at wrigley. Or maybe fenway i forget. I've only seen one video and it was an old timer","Lifelong baseball fan. It's tradition in some places more than others, but can happens all the time elsewhere, too.","Ever notice how many people bring baseball gloves to games, just in case?","It's easier to hit home runs at Coors Field, where the Colorado Rockies play, because of science and shit. \n\nSomething to do with higher altitude and thinner atmosphere. \n\nI'm 99% sure it's baseball bro science, and I've never looked into it, but it seems like there's some truth behind it. \n\nMaybe Coors Field has a shorter outfield, too. ","Or it's just the Rockies pitching blows.","The outfield isn't particularly short and the fence isn't low either","I've also heard somewhere (not sure where) that different stadiums prepare the balls differently i.e. some keep game balls in a humidifier and others in a dehumidifier to make the balls come off the bat harder or softer. ","They used to, but I believe that was stopped a few years ago.","Pretty sure we still do. Also pretty sure we're the only team in the league that can have one because of the altitude and dry air. ","I think you mean shorter outfield. ","Yup my bad. Edited.","It's not a shorter field... It's one of the biggest in the league. It's 415 ft to straight away center and 350 ft down the lines. It's just all about the lack of air resistance, and that's no bro science at all. ","&gt; Turner Field (Braves) will throw you out.\n\nAnother reason why the Suburban Braves are shit. ","Well to be fair people have really  been throwing their body weight behind some items there...... ","Ehhh, I [dunno man, this guy](https://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/3k9i69/dodgers_fan_records_himself_catching_a_baseball) has caught quite a [quite a few home runs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZdqEEMFg-vQ&amp;list=PL7704ABC0DB312710&amp;feature=plcp)..\n\nedit: found his reddit post","Rockies fan, I feel your pain bro","Mt. Doom \n\nDeploy the Fellowship of the Baseball ","stop trying to make wrigley, its not going to happen.\n\nps Toronto, stop voting liberal you stupid gits","We have bag RO water here. The bag is eventually biodegradable too so you can toss it in the garbage and not feel bad.  \nIt nice for trips or hikes because you just fold the empty bag up and pack it at the bottom of your bag. Instead of a bulky empty jug or a few crushed bottles.","If you want your drink served in bags, just move to a third world country.","Such an idiot!","But see if everyone brings a ball, the odds go way up! ","kind of looks like she's says \"go ahead\" and he reluctantly throws it back because he needs permission to do it and she is queen of his world. \n\n\"go ahead...you may do this pleb\" \n\n\"fine im doing it bc i want to though, not bc u said i could\" ","Funky Buttlovin was my work password for a while. Now it's... not that. ","Not that is a horrible password.","You would think! Check out this guy's channel. He's got at least 4 videos of filming himself catch balls at Dodgers games. \n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/user/dodgerfilms","high altitude == balls travel farther == more home runs","It's impolite to keep a ball you didn't pay for.","Nice Post TDameritrade.","She has a Kate Upton vibe going on. He's doing something right. ","now thats something i dont see everyday","Because some people, given a small dose of power, will lord it over others to make themselves feel special. ","Wut?","#BECAUSE SOME PEOPLE, GIVEN A SMALL DOSE OF POWER, WILL LORD IT OVER OTHERS TO MAKE THEMSELVES FEEL SPECIAL. \n***\n\n##[^^^I ^^^am ^^^a ^^^bot, ^^^and ^^^I ^^^don't ^^^respond ^^^to ^^^myself.](https://np.reddit.com/r/CantHearYouBot/)","Nice TIL, I think she says \"throw it away\" anyway.","You guys spent all your karma in the 90's, now you guys fuck off for a while!","http://youtu.be/XRWxJiMM3Jg\n\nJust the first scene .","You can 'ave em","The Rockies play their home games in Coors Field, and the elevation of the stadium causes thinner air than most parks in the league. Because of this, Coors Field has a higher than normal home run count because the thin air causes the ball to travel further than normal with less resistance. ","Was there a dog playing at one point?","You don't lose the space, you occupy it temporarily. ","True but that space is essentially lost from the time it enters your pocket/bag until the time it is removed","I think it was a 30 for 30, very educational","You mean the one about legendary Cubs pitcher Henry Gardenhoser?","Heh.. men penis","When someone offers a piece of advice that you didn't ask for","Leave him","You had Ichiro. Felix Hernandez used to be good.","thats 2 players and 0 playoffs","Wrong, two players, 1 playoffs. Ichiro's rookie year.","Would you rather have 0 players and 2 playoffs? ","yeah, itd be better to watch a team with no HOFers make the playoffs than watch 2 good players (1 of whom only plays once every 5 days) and 23 shit players. ","I've got the twins to vaguely pay attention too, so with how they have been last many years I watch less and less.","Try being a Cubs fan. This season is so weird.\n","Just ride the weird man, we were like 0-9 for a bit worse start. Then 5 straight wins. Been watching hockey but that's done so time to half ass watch the twins until the Vikings come. But hey the Timberwolves are highly talked about and Vikings getting some love so some ups right?","Absolutely. I don't pay attention to basketball much but I'm a Vikings fan and fallow the Blackhawks in the second half of their season. ","I just picked all the Minnesota teams to follow when young and called it good. The twins and the lynx have won championships in my life, so it's going great lol. I don't blame you for taking Blackhawks.","I was born in Chicago but moved my parents moved back out to Iowa to be closer to their parents after a few health scares when I was 5 and now I fallow the teams my dad fallowed. He just never fallowed the bears because they're the Bears.","Yes, Robinson Cano, Nelson Cruz, Kyle Seager and Iwakuma are all \"shit players.\"","15 years of no playoffs *kindaaaaaaaa* wears on you.","tell me about it. ","As a Blue Jays fan, I feel you. The drought sucks man. Hopefully we don't need to wait another 23 years.","in b4 Cubs fans.","Bills fans understand. ","As do dolphins fans.....Damn patriots","If it's anything like us in Pittsburgh, give it another 5 years.","There are no playoffs or World Series.  Just extra Yankees games.","But look what it did for the Blue Jays, eventually you'll lose on the ALCS and spend all winter cursing some fuckwaffle with a shitty Amish beard.","We understand.\n~ Cleveland ","Hornets just won their first playoff game in 14 years.  Bee-lieve it!","Am Dallas Cowboys fan. Can confirm.","Browns fan checking in","Felix is still a #1 or 2 on most teams. The Mariners have wasted his good years and now he may never see the post season unless we trade him to a contending team. God damn Mariners :(","Good god man, it's \"wasted\".","Lol, one spelling error and you get your panties in a bunch","We used to have Randy Johnson, Ken Griffy Jr., A-Rod, Edgar Martinez, Jay Buhner, Dan Wilson, Joey Cora, Mike Blowers...still waiting on that Mariners World Series one day :')","And the Yankees have been trying to get Felix for years.","We dont need him now. I mean, he could replace CC, but we need offense. Dead last in the league for runs scored.","Actually, if Seattle had played its cards right and opened up the Nintendo cash books, they could have run out a lineup of  Ichiro, Bret Boone, Arod, Ken Griffey Jr, Edgar Martinez, and John Olerud as its hitters with Randy Johnson as their ace.  ","you take that back","He used to be good. He's still good, too.","you obviously haven't watched felix throw this season. or bothered to look at his stats","Obviously","Felix Hernandez still has one of the best era's in baseball consistently. Just because he has one or two games a year where he gives like 10 hits 6 walks and still only gives up 7 runs, doesn't mean he's bad. Plus Ichiro wasn't that cool. He had a shitty attitude the whole time and didn't do much to win us games. Cool he got a ground ball single at least once a game and broke the hit record but  that is about it.","Ichiro needs 36 hits to break Pete Rose's record for most Professional Baseball hits in a career. The only player to hit 200 hits in 10 straight seasons... he was really really good. He'll go down as the best professional hitter in history.","And in those 10 seasons the Mariners offense was atrocious. Felix lost 20% of the games he went 7+ innings with 1 run or less. He is a novelty, he slaps the ball on the ground. Sure he was a great lead off man, but who cares if your getting 200+ hits a year and 50 or 60 rbi's. I'm not saying that he wasn't insanely consistent, just that he wasn't a superstar, he wasn't a player that could carry a team.","It's not Ichiro's fault that the rest of the team sucked. He is still one of the greatest hitters of all time. ","It kinda is though, a great player is someone who makes everyone around him better. A great player is a leader and can help a team win even when he is struggling. A great player doesn't refuse to speak English and communicate with his teammates or his fans even though he does speak fluent English. You know who was a great player. Edgar Martinez. That was a great Mariner. So was Brett Boone, and Griffey. Randy Johnson was a great Mariners player. My point being, sure maybe he was the Mariners best hitter, but there is a long line of better players than him.","I said hitter, not player. You just proved my point.","True but a hit is a hit though. Having an insanely inconsistent lead off man means something if the other players can drive him in. Sure, Ichiro can't carry a team but his consistency can help the team win games. I agree that he does have an attitude problem though and that he could do more to help the team especially off the field. ","Throwing balls back is not a tradition unless you are stupid.","i almost got killed at a baseball game once.. this was many years ago, i dont even remember who was playing.. it was seattle and another team. i was talking to my girlfriend at the time and not really paying attention and the guy hit the ball and everyone started cheering.. before i knew it, smash, the ball hit the seat next to me.. i didnt even see it coming.. the thing was going like 100 miles an hour.. anyway i picked it up, i still have it somewhere.. right after a guy came down with a card that said who hit it. i cant remember who it was tho.. ","it knocked your memory out... ","no it was about 16 years ago and i dont follow baseball enough to know all the players names.. \n","Why not just buy a ball and say you caught it at that point?","The Rockies made a deal with the MLB commissioner when they joined the league that they could have a higher salary cap so they could hire all the best hitters in the league. Also they never get drug tested so they all take steroids. It's just science.","Ah so that explains why they are perennial world series contenders","Unfortunately the owner is kind of weird and he hates all good pitchers.","But not why all the other teams hit better in our ballpark too.","Could be a Cubs game.. we hit a lot of homeruns.","The fact that Coors field is notorious for having a ton of home runs due to the high altitude. A few years ago they started putting the balls in a humidor before playing with them to try to negate the high altitude but the balls still fly out of the park more than most other places (if not all). ","couldn't you just throw the ball back then go buy another and and say it was a home run ball?","They never let me bring in my falcon anyway.","Fun fact: Whence means from where, so when you say, \"Return from whence you came,\" you're saying, \"Return from from where you came!\"","I was just about to post something similar.  It's a word people don't use much, but it's a word that grammar Nazis secretly hope is tossed around from time to time, so we can pounce on it!   About 1% of the time we're disappointed that it gets used correctly and have to wait awhile for someone else to get brave.","Yeah, I guess that ball has to be taken out of play anyways.  ","I wasn't expecting this comment and now I'm crying from laughter. ","It's being handled by top men","So do you!","omfg... can i watch this on netflix or amazon?\n\n$2.99 on amazon, angels in the outfield was the better movie after watching lethal waeapon... btw.","But he could have sold it...","for nothing. ","Gotta freeze and get a better camera angle of the ball hitting the ground.","I used to bring a ball with me to try and get an autograph","Well, a lot of people will bring a ball to get autographed, so if they haven't gotten it autographed yet then they could just use that ball for the switcheroo. ","Wtf","they kick you at for this at some ball parks. everyone you're with, too","I've brought a glove to every game I've ever gone to regardless of where I'm sitting. As if id stop stuffing my face with hot dogs and put the glove on in time to catch a foul ball flying at me going 100 mph\n","Nothing to gain.. You're trading one baseball for another. It's not signed. Nobody is going to care.","Then bring back the Sonics.","She's cute, he's a schlub.","Turtle saving is a hobby!","Right, but won't they have just watched you throw the, \"real\", ball back onto the field?","The game balls have serial numbers. The most important part is that your fellow fans see that you didn't keep the dirty opposing team's home run ball. The authenticator will know you're a lying tricksy bastard. ","Correct. Also the baseballs used by MLB are woven with special polymers that regular baseballs don't use. A decent Electron Mass Spectrometer will set you back less than the cost of a single player for a single game. All baseballs used are tested before and after the game for this material to ensure no cheating is occurring.\n\n\nA fun fact: when the authenticator checks the ball they also check for the correct atomic baseball bat particles on the ball to indicate that it was actually hit during that game.","I would have thought that part was obvious but I appreciate you spelling it out for people who don't know anything about baseball. ","Low attendance","Straight up mack","Rockies ballpark has a lot of home runs hit in it because it ~~is small and~~ has thin air.\n\nEDIT - I guess it isn't that small. ","Coors Field isn't small","No it's fucking huge. And you also can get kicked out for tossing a HR back onto the field.","It's 415 to straight away center and 350 down the lines. That's pretty big compared to most fields. It's literally just the lack of air resistance","How easy it is to hit home runs at Coors Field.","*a lot*?","You could throw it out when a player doesn't notice it and they could trip or mistake it for the ball that just got hit. Basically just game interference. ","General rule about throwing crap on the field, don't want to injure players. I mean if you're allowed to throw on the field, why not wait until the next half inning and \"accidentally\" chuck it at the opposing team's fielders?\n\nSounds stupid, but most rules are made due to the stupid people in this world","\"you do it.\" great gf.","Most teams/park management see it as a \"zero tolerance\" policy. In their eyes it can be a slippery slope from throwing a ball back, in protest, to throwing other things onto the field. ","Hey, I'm frump!  \nI'm not so frump!  \nAaaand we're the game frumps.","Did that bitch just roll out of bed?  She looks like a sloth","Rude","Honest. ","Whats the point though? You know this a sub for discussing sports, right?  It just makes you look sad as fuck putting down a strangers looks like that anonymously fron the internet. I mean how low is your self esteem, because if you arent putting her down to make yourself feel better about yourself then you are nothing more than a huge asshole.\n\nDk just not have any self awareness? You do realuze putting people down anonymously on the internet ALWAYS makes you look worse than the person you are talking shit about right?  ","Because you aren't supposed to throw anything on the field. We don't want to devolve into those heathens that are soccer fans."," they didn't just recruit a fan, they recruited a fan with a 100+ mph fast ball\n\n","One of my all time favs. I hurt my hip a few years back. I was hoping a tendon or something would heal in a way that would give me super speed or super kicking. Sadly this did not happen, so glad I didn't quit my day job before confirmation. ","Or glove im sure it hurts catching w/o one","Milk is usually in recycled cardboard cartons, now.  Besides, you know that bag is plastic, right?","the plastic jugs are more expensive is all i meant.\n","They aren't, really, and when they are the difference is like two cents.  The plastic jugs aren't that common, either, was my point.\n\nBags are also more prone to spoilage, take more effort to use (I don't need scissors to take off a screw top, or a pitcher if I've already got a carton), and aren't always recyclable.","Jugs aren't common? Jugs are absolutely common. I would say its jugs &gt; cartons &gt; glass. Jugs are more common by a very large magnitude, only thing that comes in cartons commonly are the weird soy milk things.","than bags? they're a full L less for the same price.","That kid's going places","Why cant your team just make a little playoff run at least once. ","He's going to need to learn to swim, and fast, because he's going to be drowning in lady parts by 17.","Wait, don't read that literally.","I get it, but I'm sure there was a kid not to far away from them who would have never forgotten the day that guy gave him a home run ball. ","Most asinine \"tradition\" in baseball. Especially those neanderthal meathead dipshits who scream at others who refuse to go along with their idiotic \"tradition.\"","Political Correctness","Because allowing fans to throw shit onto the field sets a bad precedent?","Or heralds the end of us all by being the trumpet that brings forth the ultimate fucking nanny state.","That's what you think is going to herald the nanny state? Not being able to throw shit in the direction of humans?\n\nRelax and quit listening to so much Glenn Beck.","It's a baseball game. Suck it the fuck up.","Is your blood pressure always this high?","Are you always this retarded?","Aww, poor fella. Your life is shit so now you rage on Reddit.\n\nI'm sorry, lil guy. I didn't mean to upset you.\n\nAccept my apologies?","&lt;3 u too, boo.","Or a Cleveland fan ","I shouldn't laugh so hard at this!  It can't be easy being a Cleveland fan. ","You can get kicked out and on Sports Center without having to remove your clothes?\n\nSounds like a win/win!","[deleted]","I know...hence the \"(where this was done)\".","Define \"a lot of people.\"","Was looking for this exact response","Gardenhoser!","from someone who's a 'limburger'(inhabitant of a belgian/netherlands province called limburg), what is that? ","It's a pungent cheese. In this case it's a metaphor for a fast pitched baseball.","thx! ","Typical Canadian.","Angels fan here. Not sure if the Mariners are good this year or if the Angels just suck even more ass this year. ","This deserves top comment ","r/reversegif","~~^[]()~~\n]",": Nah not interested. \n:  Okay \n:D :D :D \n","\"It was a documentary and the events happened in real time!\"","I've got the Astros. What's my prize?","Being in the playoffs?","Astros r good now I've got the braves all we have is an ok first base dude","Astros are the fourth worst team in baseball right now. Getting absolutely slaughtered every game. ","Thats good though right? ","What I find weird is that there isn't a niche business that opens up in cities that sells all liquids exclusively in bags and produces bag holders for these bags so you can carry it without having to carry it.\n\nUnless it's not cheaper to put them in a bag instead of a harder plastic bag.","milk hits all the right specialties .  quick expire,  doesn't need light protection.  ans im pretty sure ita easier for the farmwrs meaning faster farm to table. \n\nbut carbonated beverages dont work.  and juices need light protection usually so they get the tetra pack. ","Are you retarded? ","Username checks out ","I don't think you know how that saying works.","I do, because only a fat, greasy Packers fan would call someone a retard. ","I simply asked a question. ","Bitchboi you ok?  ","lol okay","They don't let you bring balls into the game, or really any hard projectile.","This is good stuff","[deleted]","Yeah, if somebody tells you it's an ice cream penis or a root beer penis, don't believe them.  I did exactly what they said and I didn't get my root beer shake.  It was a rip-off and not nice at all :-/","Unless it's over 80, then it's dust penises.","Or Cincy. My 5 year old could hit a homer there.","Possibly low attendance and he is running 3 sections over covered seats to get a ball rattling around, but more likely, is that it's just not true at all. ","Frick that. Bryce Harper could shit on a baseball and I'd still keep it. If I catch a home run, I'm keeping it ","&gt; Frick that\n\nlol","That's amazing","Milk in a bag just sounds gross","I like how they said they just told him to leave and not the 2 boys he was with.\n\nThey were 6 and 7 years old. He couldn't just leave them there. So throwing him out meant throwing them all out. ","r/nocontext","Man those grounders can sure gain speed fast","looks like a brit","Blue Jays :)\n\nToronto, Canada.","lol I know I just went to a jays game in Toronto last week, he just looks like a brit","He's still a jerk off.","It's my understanding that most parks will toss you out. A friend was ejected from Fenway and security stated they had a \"zero tolerance\" rule, had to be enforced, blah, blah. ","Fuck that I'll kick them out. I paid for this seat and I will not have it invaded by another's balls.","You're voting for Trump, aren't you?","Then the police comes and points their riffles at you ","Probably not. This is Reddit, there is a 98.9% chance he's white.","Why would you need a baseball mitt to drive nascar?","I always bring my balls","Going to Reds games in the late 90s we always just assumed they pulled relief pitchers from the crowd.","could at least have given it to a kid, who would have just wanted the ball and not cared about tradition","Thank you to all you gents for this fabulous thread of Mariners comments. Reminded me of why reddit is the best place to pass time!","WELCOME TO ONTARIO, MOTHER FUCKER","Very dependent on ball parks. If you are a Tampa Miami reds etc fan in post may, you are one of a maybe a few thousand in the stands. Let alone outfield. If you have sub 10 thousand fans everyone is behind home plate. ","Who has season tickets that sits that far away?","Fans of a team.","You often have to work your way up closer and closer with season Tickets. It's not like you get 10th row the first season you get them because other people have season tickets and they have had them for longer. My friend has season tickets for the Bears and he's in the 300 section.","Smart woman.  they are in the first row.  It would have taken exactly the same amount of effort for her to throw it over the rail.  \n\nExcept she spent the extra effort it took to get the man to do it.  \n\nSo.... who is smarter? \n\nThe woman for making the man do it?  \n\nOr the man because he is going to get laid tonight for keeping his woman happy?","This is one of those trick questions isn't it?","This kid!","You sure you're not counting foul balls?","Yes. Because that's not where their seats are.","Am I the only one going to call attention to the sons' names? Jayden and Jeramiiah lol. ","That's probably the real reason they were ejected. ","The kids got to stay if they're dad was willing to leave them. Jerk dad, looking out for their interests and whatnot. ","She says...\"Can we just throw this back and GTFO?  I've got a Go-Go's concert to get to\".","I never thought of it like that.  I would always expect somebody to not be pleased if they discovered I was being deceitful.","If everyone was like that, Magicians wouldn't have a job","A well known magician and skeptic, [James Randi](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Randi) said something along the lines of:  \n\nThe difference between a magician and a psychic is that the magician doesn't lead you to believe what he is doing is genuine.  Everybody knows it's a trick, a show, an act and he doesn't hide this fact.  A psychic will attempt to make you believe what he is doing is real.","Ah, yes. I guess discovering you were deceived is a bit different than being deceived although knowing it, eh","how did that baseball turn into a golf ball","I love how she totally knows what to do with it.","This made me sad.  Screw you Cincy!  Junior would have been fine if he stayed in Seattle.  ","Specifically at Wrigley though","This is only officially a thing in Chicago. No other parks have this as a tradition. ","Everyone always yells it at Dodger stadium...","Remember to pay your taxes on it!\n\n-No one ever","Don't forget to pick up your lotto ticket on your way to the game.","You would make a fortune in Japan.","I never really followed baseball in my life I've always been more of a hockey fan and football. I used to go to baseball games all the time though because a lot of people I know used to get tickets and have to work so they couldn't go to the games and they'd give me the tickets. I used to catch probably 5 or so balls a year and keep them all in a box. Before I knew it I had like 30 dirty used baseball's with no recollection of their individual origins so I ended up using most of them as baseball's to play catch with and use them. I've still got a bunch to use but never do anymore. Game caught baseball's are great to catch but once you get a few they are all the same thing unless it's a very special ball ","That all means nothing to us, our love is more important .. lol ","I wish people would give the ball to a kid instead of throwing it back.","It's tradition to throw an opposing team's homerun back on the field. ","I've watched baseball my entire life. I know. It is the stupidest tradition ever. Make a kid happy, let him/her have the baseball. That is a much more positive tradition that is common now.","Yeah but you make the entire fan base at the game (and everyone watching) happy this way. ","Yeah, but you can get ejected for doing it depending on where you are. ","And children learn from us. They'll learn to love it, too. It's a must tradition. ","McCann would dropkick you into tomorrow if he heard your puss talk. RULES OF THE GAME.","This guy is a major league douche. Batting practice. I'm sitting in front of him, a ball comes our way, naturally like any red-blooded American, I reach my mitt out to snag it. He yells to stop, as he's says he's \"playing catch\" with one of the players. I say something to the effect of \"yeah right\". And he tosses his beer on me.  As I stand there , gobsmacked, my dad gets in his face, holding back a punch.  The two get separated, and we get relocated. The staff, were extra nice, got us shirts. Meanwhile the guy doesn't get tossed or anything.    \nThe Cubs would've surely booted him if he was your regular Joe fan.\n\n  ","wtf that's crazy..","Toronto fans are so salty\n\nEdit: [Me seeing all the down votes](http://i.imgur.com/aVUPcio.png)","You're brave, admitting to being a Redlegs fan. The only thing worse would be if you could find JJ Hoover flair. ","Denying your fandom is one small notch below Peter denying Jesus.","Your comment should inspire people who support shitty teams to come out of the closest. No more checking the scores on their phones and not joining in when a relevant discussion starts.","So I guess you have a habit of following people who only let you down. ","Sure, I guess? Idk what you're getting at. I'm not gonna start rooting for another team because mine sucks. Sure the Reds and Bengals and Bearcats have let me down time and time again, but it's pretty shitty to jump ship and support someone better.","I'm a fan of the Tigers but if they don't go anywhere I would love to see the Cubs take the World Series. ","That's a little different. I mean, I'll always support the Reds, but I will likely also support a particular team that has a shot at winning it all.","Totally understandable. It's why people watch Miss Universe &amp; stuff, I guess.","I got sick of pro sports so I joined a local league and play the game myself. No more watching for me!","That's understandable. Actually a pretty awesome thing to do!","Agreed! I'd be interested in hearing how that's going.","Hey we got our one game yesterday. ","kate upton really let herself go","&gt; 2/10, would not bang\n\nThat girl is cute as fuck.","Any given young woman under 200 pounds is gorgeous.  If they're White.","For fat/scrawny, pussy-deprived beta males with no standards, maybe.","\\&gt; using the phrase beta males unironically\n\nLol","So you find her extremely attractive then?","RIP /u/twatbutter 19something - 2016\n\nAs his name suggests, he was a twat; but he was a good one at that.","As a lip reader, I can confirm that she is indeed saying, 'throw it away'.","Surely you arent serious.\n\n:)","I am serious, and don't call me Shirley.","Ok serious, but Frankly, I don't really care. ","Brought to you by TD Bank","I read this in Archers voice.","Same reason I learned to speak jive.","Cut me some slack, jack. ","I'm pretty sure, if you find an extended clip, one of the girl's friends notices the gamer in his glove and calls him out on it.","Haha","I think that would endear him even further, no? He's just that much more smooth.","Like the mets fan that caught Bond's 756th","I caught an Ortiz grandslam at Fenway a few years back.  Even if I weren't a red sox fan, I wouldn't have thrown that back :)","more of a guideline, rally.","Is...\n\nIs that a VeggieTales reference?\n","Fite me IRL buddy","Plus you also have something to have signed should you get the opportunity. ","Hey, I'm not saying don't do it, I'm just pointing that it's probably overkill.\n\nAlso depending on where you sit you probably have a decent chance of catching a foul ball or nabbing something during batting practice.","Poop covered is so much funnier than shit covered for some reason.","[Because...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qWIo-XhuIE)","This made me lol while taking a dump.  I hope the guy in the stall next to me reads this","People tend to prepare for things they don't want to happen. ","those people suck","No one does this. This isn't a thing","Ha!","Need a thug life version","[deleted]","This happened in Canada. Blue Jays are from Toronto.","nice.... ","i always thought that was a wrigley field thing - throwing homerun balls back that the opposing team hit","It started at Wrigley, but eventually spread. Now it depends on the stadium, but it's common for the crowd to start chanting throw it back. ","Tell that to Lance.","I generally like to bring two with me wherever I go. The ones made of steel too, so they never break.","No milk bags in Newfoundland.","Such a boss move.","Do I get sex with ANY of these things???","Why would you want sex with a grandma?","She usually has the hamster. =/\n\nAnd the stairs.","I'm dying at this comment. I actually laughed out loud so thank you","No.","&gt;Jayden and Jeramiiah\n\nWow, Mormon much?","If you don't entertain yourself with this kind of things, then you are forced to just watch the game and that's really hard","I guess you could say they really **had a ball**!","That's because baseball is boring as fuck and getting a ball hit near you is the most exciting thing that happens.","Silly goose. No one goes to mariners games. You just like putting balls up your butt!\n\nTl;Dr balls in butts","BLADES ARE FOR SKATIN\n\nYA DINGUS","\"No, babe. Not now that you touched and ruined it.\"\n\nEDIT: Lol, oh come on that was hilarious :'). Look at her face as he takes it away from here. It's fucking perfect!","Does this mean I should bring all of my hockey gear with me to the next Capitals game?","Absolutely! ","Well in that case [Ima dress like this from now on and pretend im Orlov](http://1.cdn.nhle.com/capitals/images/upload/2015/04/484914589.jpg)","Only if you buy an authentic jersey and hat too","I think it's mostly children that bring mitts to the games.","I bring two balls with me wherever I go, but I will *never* give up either one. ","I gave both of mine up. Much happier now.","/u/varys is that you???","Is that a reference to something?","Where the fuck is a gifv when you need one.","Based gives a fuck","Ain't shit based. Dude was just an ass.","We have cartons in Ontario, and jugs in Quebec as well. But bags are the most common.","I'm guessing that happens often at the Wrigley Field.","Maybe at Wrigley, we don't do that shit here.","I always bring two.\n\nHue.","\"Give me that. Stop trying to distract me honey. I think our team just scored a hole in one.\"","Can confirm, they have a town called Dildo, not Vibrator.","[deleted]","They are #8 out of 30 in home runs by team...","Like anyone ever cares about the odds","Said every Mariners fan ever. This is our year!","Slow down there Cartman. ","never tell me the odds","that really happens???","That's a total MGTOW moment. ","Ain't nothing in the rulebook saying a dog can't play baseball.","great now you've made me laugh. I hope your happy with yourself!","I was told to bring a ball to a game once to trade out if i caught a homerun. I took my dads signed ball from some girl named \"babe Ruth\".. As luck turns out, I caught a homerun ball from some guy, I tossed the signed ball.. Boy the look on my dads face when he gets home from his business trip will be priceless.. ","I laughed at the part too.... fuckin calling stranger danger on the Rockies! ","Only at Wrigley. This is not a tradition.","I've seen this happen at a bunch of ballparks. Wrigley isn't special for this.","Wrigley started it. Only recently have other fans started doing it.\n\nAlso it's dumb, if I ever catch a HR ball I'm keeping it.","Define recently, happened at my first game watching the Yankees maybe about 10 years ago. ","It did not start recently. Witnessed this in the 80's myself. And I have no doubt it was going on well before then.","For what it's worth, you always throw the ball back in cricket.\n\nThe condition of the ball is an important element of play .\n\nIf the ball is lost umpires pick another ball of a similar condition.","I've been going to ballgames for 30 years, I've never come close to catching a ball.  \n\nI'll be god damned if you'd get me to throw it back after 30 years of not even coming close.  ","Yeah, I'm pretty sure it's just specific teams that have fans with this tradition. At every Cardinals game I've been to, people keep the home run balls.","Anyone know if he got kicked? You're not allowed to toss balls back on the field in most stadiums other than the Yanks","Why is this? I've seen people saying you shouldn't throw balls back in this thread but nobody was clear why.","In baseball it's tradition to throw back the opposing team's homerun ball, but some stadiums don't allow it because they don't want people throwing anything whatsoever onto the field.\n\nThe gif is Jays fan in the SkyDome throwing an Oakland homerun ball back, so I figured he might get kicked out since it IS their policy.\n\nThe only stadium I'm aware that allows the tradition still is the Yankees stadium and last year a fan hit their own player in the back of the head with a ball.","She didn't look too thrilled about that toss","ROSENBURGER!","[deleted]","And I'm hungry.... ","Was at a university baseball game last night. After a foul ball a horde of little princesses (themed night) and little leaguers ran to the drop zone only for one of them with a pink dress to throw it back onto the field. She was very confused when everyone held their mouths open or put their hands on their heads. Even the mother reacted with the \"what have I raised\" glare. ","Same reason people bring gloves.","Girl :  Wow i caught the ball Im so happy! You're tottaly getting a blow job later big boy!\n\nDude: uhhh this baseball is tainted because the opposing team hit it.. I love baseball more than sex..\n\nGirl: wow... Way to 86 your only chance that a girl is gonna touch you.. Im totally fucking your hot friend later. \n\n","You never know, it could happen: http://www.theguardian.com/football/blog/2013/sep/05/harry-redknapp-played-fan-west-ham","The girl's worth a bang...or two.","if maybe 2 or 3 out of 30k is considered \"a lot\". r/quityourbullshit","Have you *tried* sticking a baseball into the pocket of your jeans and then sitting in tiny seats for 3 hours?  It hurts.","No need to send that poor hamster to Ann Arbor. Thats just cruel. ","Hey! Go Green!","Go home! A Hawkeye can hate Ann Arbor just like anyone else.","Hey! This is my own damn state! You go hate on the cyclones or someone! But love you guys still &lt;3","Love you too pal. ","It was a home run by a guy on the Athletics","It started at Wrigley and spread across the league. ","It's like me and bringing a condom on a date, there's always a chance.","I bring condoms with me when I go to the library, because you never know.","Either this guy is a very cool customer or he has a terrible arm that he's ashamed of. Likely both.","true","I dont see anything civilized about drinking milk out of a boxy envelope. ","Better to have it and not need it, than to need it and not have it.","Can't argue against that haha","That was unexpected.","My favorite reference that most people don't get. If you've never seen that movie it is a really weird thing to hear I imagine. ","I don't care enough to look this up. Are you serious?","people do bring baseball gloves but he's joking about the reason. the reason is for home run balls or foul balls that head your way so you can catch them a lot easier. ","Boy they sure look like a happy couple.","She has a lovely hairdo","give me that \"just got out of bed\" look fam","She first showed it with a smile like hey look what I got. Then he grabs it and she just says ok...","Hatred? He looks disinterested at best lol","It is?...","If I had skills I would photoshop the ball with a microphone. ","Cartons? Eww, bags of milk is always better.","What do people put the milk bag in at home? Or is it like boxed wine with the bag inside with the spout? Bags of milk just became a thing for me like 2 minutes ago","You put the milk bag into a sorta holder like [this.](http://www.kitchenstuffplus.com/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/650x/040ec09b1e35df139433887a97daa66f/7/4/74263_2_kitchen_stuff_plus_lakto_stainless_steel_milk_bag_holder_1.jpg)","So it stays in the bag? Sorry I'm just used to having a lid on milk to keep out germs or whatever ","Yea. Of course once you cut the top part to pour, it isn't easy to reseal, but if kept in the fridge it last just as long as any other carton milk. Of course, there are carton milk also, but milk bags are just more popular here in Canada. If you wanna learn more check [here](http://www.lockergnome.com/news/2012/05/18/bagged-vs-carton-milk/)","Thanks for the info. I couldn't buy a bag of milk even if I wanted to but it's nice to know ","&gt;but milk bags are just more popular here in Southern Ontario\n\nFTFY","Hold my honeybaked, I'm goin' in!","But, you didn't. There's nowhere to go.","Ah, the old [false-startaroo](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2le8eq/drove_behind_this_guy_for_30_minutes_he_was_the/cluc41j)\n\nFIFY","With a potato canon. ","At a baseball game","That's why I always carry extra hamsters and duct tape in my back pocket","Ugh, I'd hate to sit on duct tape.","So, someone who dates unobservant women who were raised without actual cooking?","It's really common at Wrigley. At other parks, fans don't care as much.","Hang on...just seen your name, you're a Labatt drinking, moose riding fucking Canadian, aren't you? Do you live in Toronto? ","\"Get back to your fucking trailer  Mr Lahey you God damn drunk burnt the fuck out wanna be cop.\"","You've held my ass baseballs in your hand! ","If you go to games a lot the odds are not as low as you might suspect. \n\n\nI've caught half a dozen foul balls and 1 home run ball, my families got a couple more home run balls and tons of fouls. We've got a signed foul ball from the pirates no hitter like 20 years ago too. \n\n\nWe only went frequently for 1 or 2 seasons. Outfield tickets were a dollar for kids, 5 for dults, we's show up early and take the first row in left field. Tons of balls...","If you ever go to a game as an away fan in your team's jersey you've got a good chance of one of your players tossing you a ball.\n\nIt's always worked for me at Orioles/Nationals games.","This is grounds for immediate termination of the relationship. ","Man I wanna be so moderately famous so I can be that guy from that thing. ","i thought only cubs fans did this shit","Copy cats ","On a side note, this is why you will see a lot of people sitting in the outfield seats bringing balls INTO ballparks.\n\nThe dirty little secret is that they actually keep the ball, and throw back the decoy to uphold the tradition.","I believe he was making a joke saying, the video exists just like my model girlfriend from Canada that can't ever be on video chat. Implying neither exist.","Or you know... in case the homerun ball comes towards them.","I am gonna make a mental note to bring a sharpie to write a snarky message to the player onto the ball before throwing it back next time I'm sitting in the outfield at a MLB game. ","Well, you always were the Texas of Canada, so it makes sense that you heathens would drink your milk like them too. I think Canadians probably drink more milk than Americans, so we don't feel like we need some fancy container. We just go through that shit so quick, it'd be a waste. That's my theory anyways. Milk is good for those cold winters, lots of protein and fat (if 1% or 2%).","Or just having sex with grandma! Wait","I think kwiktrips sell them","\"Mud covered\" it could pass as authentic. ","For a second I thought you confused Rookie of the Year with Major League. But, turns out he's in both.\n","Have you met baseball fans? ","Wrigley did indeed start this. And not only will Wrigley not kick you out, I have seen them relocate a visiting fan who opted not to throw the ball back after the crowd starting getting aggressive. \n\nThat said, while Cubs fans will boo the shit out of you, they don't generally start getting threatening unless it's highly contested game..\n\nSource: Cubs fan. 134 Cubs games to date.","I think Steve Bartman is still in the witness protection program","[deleted]","He's still here in Chicago.","What an asshole thing to say.","I think she said \"You do it.\" ","this is bullshit","This is why I always bring an electric guitar to a rock concert. Someday I will play with Green Day. ","Always keep a harmonica in my pocket and one in the chamber.","Wait, what was that last part?","Canadians littering?  What has the world come to?","I guess you didn't watch game 5 of the Jays and Rangers last year...","Longest 7th inning I've ever seen","I was so mad at my own city's people. That was awful behaviour. ","We don't need more things to make us hate life. ","I noticed that too. I don't even know why I'm in this thread really...\n\n&gt; Also, you don't know my girlfriend; she's from Canada.","Why was I more disturbed by this than pushing grandma down the stairs?","Because its oddly specific. What if i said pushing grandma down two flights of stairs, but she stopped at the first landing so i had to go down to finish the job, as my extended family looked on in horror from the Christmas dinner table?","No, it's because grandma was an abusive alcoholic who beat us when we were little.","Mariners player confirmed.","That makes me think of the fake funeral for my sisters hamster I had to attend ","Yep. You won't get tossed at Wrigley for tossing the ball back","https://youtu.be/m9Ep94dPGwE?t=91","Yeah, when I was in elementary school in Wisconsin in the early 90s we had bag milk for lunch every day. You had to stab it with the straw to get to it, but if you didn't cover the end of the straw with your thumb you'd end up with milk everywhere.\n\nHad no idea this was not normal.","We had our bags in a container that was too big. Every time we poured milk there was a chance it would flop out and ruin everything. All because my Dad refused to admit he bought the wrong size and my Mom called him on it. We got one that fit after the divorce, my Dad never bought bagged milk after it. People are weird.","I had this in elementary school in the early 2000s as well and I lived in southeastern central Pennsylvania. \n\nWe knew it was odd though and the dairy switched to cartons when I was in 6th or 7th grade.","Girl's hot tho","? are you from the south? ","No?","What is it? Looks like a prime slice of 90s cheese!","[Rookie of the Year](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0107985/)","Quick Re-cap:\n\nBoy breaks arm, magically heals into the greatest throwing arm in Baseball history. Pitches for Cubs, makes a team of serious professionals remember what it's like to be a kid again. Breaks arm again. Has to win the big game with childish baseball tricks. \n\nIf you were 12-ish when this movie came out it was your jam. \n\nedit: Good lord [the trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Heoa-AI42bA) is the most 90's thing ever. ","I just watched the trailer twice. Love that movie. ","Based on your comment we should see the film on Netflix in three months.","Put 'em WAAAY up inside there--as far as they can fit","( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)","Kinda like when people buy lottery tickets. Where there's hope there's...hope...","I think the girl is mouthing \"you do it.\" Not important. Just a mere observation","As in \"no you dot it (throw the ball to the ground) and get the attention of the cameras\".","*launching it from an exercise ball","Whoa nice catch I didn't notice that.","Smooth.   And she bought it!","Here's why... \n\nhttps://np.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/4g9h79/nope_dont_need_this/d2fwvow","video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9Ep94dPGwE","I just want someone to bring a bat to hit back a home run. ","only the ghetto ballparks","That ball got an unusual amount of air time ","Cows.","I'M DOING GREAT!","Play of the decade. Donald Trump cites this kid in Art of the Deal.","YOU'RE DOING GREAT!","[THEN I'LL KEEP IT UP!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LleBj6Q-Zng)","ho lee shit. This went viral as one of those 'like a boss' type videos because he gave a girl the game ball... but he faked it! cheeky bastard ","I like the horizontal \"Phillies ashamed actually\"","Not for [this player](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cQruSrslSU)","\"Throw it away.\"","Couple of my buddies went to this game, they got kicked out for this.","Frank?","Yes my babies?","Give it to the guy next to you to throw back.","Thank you for your service","Better than a basketball I suppose","At Yankees games, it's occasionally acceptable to throw a matzah ball.","Wisconsin","This is a lie","its very much a thing though.","It looked like he dropped the ball and it happened to fall into the park.  Not his fault gravity's a bitch.","YOU'RE DOIN' GREAT!","you sadistic fuck","Nan took a tumble","No love for Bag Season? ","What team? A Jay Buhner HR sounds pretty good to me, but I'm from Seattle...","Just asked my dad, it was actually Jeff Blauser with the Cubs. I'm a fraud :-/","&gt; milk bag\n\nFound the Canadian.","This is why I bring a bat to every baseball game as well. In case a bat flies our way. I won't be giving it back. I'll pull the old bat-in-the-stands-switcheroo! suckers.","Does the ball you bring with you have to have a certain quality? I mean what do they use for those games? What is the price of a baseball? Can you exchange one for 5 Dollars with one for 10 cents?\n\nQust: Go to a game, catch the home run, do switcheroo, give Baseball with dickbutt.","Looks like an abusive douchebag.\n","Why does the ball levitate for a second?  Guy has skill","... you mean \"bounce?\"","They should make it a rule that if ANYONE catches the ball, in our outside the field the batter is out. \n\nWould make baseball better to watch ","I'm not even mad that yer comment blew up. I'm impresed😀👍","/u/yoyomamatoo  tagged as gutter tosser.","So long as the total of balls in the system remains unchanged the world will go on.","I actually tossed a dead mouse in the gutter today. My neighbor's cat left her first of many gifts on the year. ","Like tossing a salad when you like eating ass, but tonight was Taco Tuesday.","Hold my ball, I'm going in!","uuuh, I think that's to catch home run or foul balls.","Nothing gets past you.  Like a wall, a big thick wall.","Of flesh. A big thick wall of living pulsating flesh","And that wall has a very specific shape to it.","Can someone make an upvote version of this? ","Pretty smart, those balls are covered with germs.","\"get this shit outta here, eh?\" ","technically speaking, you should only do this against the cubs.  but i'm a stickler for tradition.","Canada started herpes  RUN!","I tried to get the players to sign my balls once, I got kicked out","Did you shave them first?","Of course, I'm not a monster","I didn't even need to look at your flair to tell your Canadian","☑️ Maple Leafs flair\n\n☑️ Milk bag\n\nCanadian confirmed.","I also appreciate his girl being fine with it and not whining about it.","He's not Canadian.","What is UP with her HAIR???","...As a sane, rational opposition of all the crazy shit going on","It's like a single guy carrying a condom around.","Actually the balls used in MLB games are cheaper and surprisingly not made to perform as well as a college/high school baseball. With an MLB ball the seams are lower, the core is softer, and the wool/string winding around the core is a little softer. Lower seams makes pitching harder, and a softer ball means it doesn't pop off the bat (a wooden bat at that) as much. Sorry for the rant, just thought it was interesting ","His finest role.","Holy crap, no way.","Does it say anything special on the game balls? Like this one would say \"Blue Jays vs. Athletics 4-24-2016\" or something like that? If so, I think it's still worth keeping.","Nope","[deleted]","Only if you're sentimental. I'd still have the story, in fact I'd say it's an even BETTER story if I threw it back.\n","Well... You would keep the ball if it was someone's first homerun. Regardless of the player or team. Usually someone from the team would come down &amp; get the ball from you &amp; give you something in return. ","I'm ready to go in coach! Just give me a chance! ","haha you mean to tell me ARod didn't hit 3000 home runs?","a milk bag? milk comes in bags?\n\nAbout he ball. It was a flyball/foulball over the backstop/catcher and into the car park. shame they dont number the balls so they could say oh yes thats ball 235467 which we lost when playerA pitched to playerB on this field on this date. ","http://i.stack.imgur.com/ofltz.jpg","i hate those damn milk bags. When I was in high school, they somehow started selling them in our town. So many holes.\n\n","Whole whats?","oops","https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1TeRDhf41Mk ","Man, this guy is a fucking tool. Ontario and Quebec make up nearly 2/3 the population of Canada, we mostly do drink bagged milk.","What a fucking jackass. I'm happy his channel is as small as it is and i feel terrible saying that about anyone.","I appreciate how much of a shithead he is, it makes it OK to make fun of how goofy he looks.","Youtube voice and jump cuts galore.  I can't wait for another thirty years and look back at this era and laugh about how all these youtube videos looked identical.","Nothing else you drink comes in a bag so why does milk come in one? \n","I never argued the logistics, just the fact that we do. Idk why, but at this point in my life, I prefer the bags.","makes it easier to freeze ","That's such an ontario thing to say","I didn't make a video bashing Vancouver for not believing in my milk bags.","He clearly believes in milk bags, he just thinks your province is stupid. ","If you go through winter without experiencing -40, you're not Canadian anyways.","Literally everyone else does, why does Van get a pass? At least they never get sun.","I have legit been a reader of this guy for almost 10 years, he's written a lot of awesome comics, infographics and articles on Canada during that time. He was a very sensible right wing proponent and I really enjoyed his analyses on Canadian issues that I usually felt differently about. And honestly there were few accessible choices for that kind of commentary in Canada so I wish his stuff had gotten more traction back when he was more independent. In the last couple years he's gotten more hardline and eccentric and this video is evidence of that. I think it's due to challenges along the way and working a job which has the editorial pressure to be punchy and extreme (huffpost). I hope he'll come back to a little more equilibrium.\n\nFor example he's done [this site](http://www.thecanadaguide.com) and it's a great entertaining primer. I knew him from his main website, but believe me when I say his tone has unfortunately changed over time.","The lack of native history on this site is disturbing. Also, it's no big secret why they are called the \"Toronto Maple Leafs\". Individually, they are a single \"Maple Leaf\". This is a proper noun, so they as a group are leafs. I'm sure he's an okay journalist, but that site isn't great. It's like a bunch of different history books that don't delve into any actual history.","I agree. Stuff like the \"maple leafs\" think is more recent, same style as the milk bags nitpicking. It evolved from a few early articles meant as entertaining primers, not in-depth history. The lack of first nations history definitely betrays his bias, though.","I know the other 1/3 is in Vancouver making the rest of the country statistically irrelevant. ","1/3 in Vancouver? Between its small size and Asians buying all the housing as investments that's probably a stretch even as a generalization.","ive never been so annoyed by someones face before in my life","Why does everyone in Canada actually hate Ontario so much more than everywhere else? I've been everywhere, and lived in Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Ontario, and Québec, and everyone (even people who haven't even been) fucking hates Ontario for ridiculous reasons.\n\nI can't deny shitty hockey teams, or corruption (Québec has it's fair share too though), but how does Ontario have the most obnoxious people? Everywhere I've been in Canada has terrible, obnoxious people, Ontario has its fair share, but so do the other provinces, most notably Alberta, BC, and Québec. \n\nffs, this greasy bastard lives in what is known to be one of the most self-absorbed, egotistical cities in the country, and he's going off about ontario being obnoxious.","It's basically an age old myth that everyone from Toronto acts like they're the center of the country. It was born out of jealousy with a dash of truth (their are stuck up people everywhere) and now it's pure irony at this point.","More like CBC and Toronto always scheduling these stupid ceremonies before their mean nothing games and then continuing to play their game when the later game is starting. FFS, switch the west coast to our team. We don't want to see the leafs lose again.","Inferiority complex.","That's a funny video.\n\nHe lays the blame at the feet of Ontario, but I'm pretty sure they drink milk out of bags in Quebec and Atlantic Canada too.","http://www.marketingmag.ca/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/Screen-shot-2015-04-02-at-12.54.53-PM.png","That guy seems like a dick. You can see the disappointment in that woman's face.","After she says to him \"throw it back\" ?","Looks like she's just saying \"ok\" resignedly to me but I'm no lip reader.","wow, now i can read that both ways lol","nah, she is saying throw it back pretty clearly.","There's no disappointment on her face whatsoever ","As a woman that has been disappointed often in life, I beg to differ. lol But maybe that's just her face.","i think he was trying to look as cool as possible without revealing to the world he throws like a girl.","And by \"throw like a girl\" you mean...? Apparently someone has never watched a women's softball game.","I have watched a woman's softball game, but you have to admit the athletes in high end softball are hardly the standard.  Go pick a random girl off the street and she will [throw like this.](http://i.imgur.com/lRgalh3.gif)  In fact [here is an article](http://www.popsci.com/science/article/2012-09/fyi-do-men-and-women-throw-ball-differently) about it.  Throwing has the largest gap in physical performance between the sexes.\n","I have never seen in person a woman, including all throughout my school years, who throws like that. I'm not saying women are as strong as throwers as men as a whole but I don't believe the majority will throw in that manner. Well, at least not from my experience. Therefore, I don't think it's fair to call poor throwing \"throwing like a girl.\" Even if, let's say, 70% of women threw like that it wouldn't make it right.","It basically means the same as \"throws like a liberal\"\n\n\n  \n^^^^^^^^^triggeralert","Just because I'm a *gasp* feminist doesn't automatically make me a liberal.","You're just confused. But that's okay, women tend to get confused ","I love how smoothly they zoom out to show TD's logo.","Who's your baseball team and how many games do you go to a season?","Who is your daddy and what does he do?","All about the 'stros, season tix brah. \n\nthat is what I imagine you and your friends sound like","Because if he's a new fan, or just doesn't care about his home team to the detriment of not keeping a cool ass game souvenir, fuck him right?\n\nFans like you make me *not* want to go to games. If you want to throw the ball back go ahead, but don't boo other fans.","Boooo","booooo","Yeah thats exactly right, not sure why you prefaced it with sarcasm. Theres traditions that unit communities and as a new fan you either join in or don't and get shit for being so pompous as to feel entitled to altering the traditions of a historic sport. \n\nI could give a shit that fans like him who want to protect fun traditions make you not want to go to games, good, stay out with your entitled ass. Who the fuck walks into a room, joins the group and then thinks its appropriate to start dictating and questioning customs and norms stay home asshole where you can feel safe from the big mean sports fans. ","Having a bad day?","Dudes having a bad life.","We ALL are. Have you ever looked up at what you do and what I do and asked \"Why?\".\n\nYou won't find an answer that satisfies you. I won't. None of this actually makes any sense, so why do we all pretend like it does?\n\nI've been asking people these things and they just say \"Well this is just how life **is**.\" But it doesn't *have* to be like this.\n\nWe don't have to live like this.","You sound like you could use some help buddy.\n\nPm me, we can talk about it.","But if the traditions don't make sense, then why keep doing them? That's why we all live in such a fucking madhouse together. It's why people are fucking killing themselves *every day*. Because nobody stops and asks questions. We don't have to keep blaming individuals for this either. **We all share the blame equally.**","&gt;Fans like you make me not want to go to games.\n\nIf asking a simple question causes you not to want to go to games, good. \n\nFans like me? All I did was ask the dude his team and how many games he went to. Not sure how you can determine what type of \"fan\" I am from that but okay. \n\n&gt;fuck him right?\n\nNope, just you.\n\n&gt;If you want to throw the ball back go ahead, but don't boo other fans.\n\nYou're probably the type that think all kids should get trophies, even the losers.","Seriously, what is going on here. We're hating each other over a baseball question?\n\nI'm honestly done with this. I'm done with feeling like I have to hate people over such simple things. I really want love people. We all do. Why don't we?","What's with the downvotes here? This is just a question. What's wrong with a question?","Phillies....usually 4-5 games a season ","Well, from his flair I would say he's a Phillies fan, but I dunno if that's even scientifically possible anymore at this point","Hey now, we've got a few bright spots.  Hopefully just a few more seasons of disappointment and shame.","I am :)","I agree with him. I'm a Mets fan and try to go to at least 20+ a games a season if I can.","Until it comes time to be a good Philly fan and throw shit at the players.","&gt; I cant stand this guy.\n\nif youre over the age of twelve and care about a fucking ball from a game you just suck. just leave it for the kids. ","I would sell A-Rod's ball also. That's a years worth of work in one ball.","Or the calories burned carrying said ball..","Seems an incredibly dumb thing to do, considering you can't tell baseballs apart.","There was a video awhile back of a guy giving some cute girls the ball. Except, he did the switcheroo and kept the real ball. ","Basic arbitrage opportunity.","EVEN COORS","Good to see the milk bag made it in there.","I'd prefer [this amount of disgust](http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view7/20151216/5277318/fifth-element-phone-call-o.gif)","That look is not disgust because its an opposing team HR. That look is \"God damn it, I HAVE to throw this ball back or I will get shit on and threatened for keeping it. Fuck.\"\n\nHe will likely never have the opportunity at a foul ball again and his one lucky time, he is forced to throw it back because of some dumb tradition. \n","It was awesome when I made the connection of him being Kevin in American Pie. Two classic movies from my time growing uo","Sick and tired of all these kids getting everything for free!","Except salvation, cause there ain't no god.","At least she was cool about it lol\n","Not really. The ball that you keep has been hit a bunch of times. Thats just poor economics.","only once, actually. umps usually give a brand new ball once the one in use has been hit (even if it goes foul)","Oh really? Today i learned something. They must go through a lot of balls. Interesting.","Not true. What if you get mugged by some ball fondling lunatic?!","really sad.","Milk bag? I think a cumbox will do.","That takes balls","Leafs suck. ","Actually, its a worse ball. A ball is meant to be played with. Not playing with a ball means the ball is not good for playing with. Its not doing what its made for, so by definition you are swapping for a worse ball.","That's what you do if you're on the opposing team and you know the pressure is too great to throw the ball back...  then you throw back a different ball scuffed and rubbed with Vaseline and grab some popcorn.","The chick looked like she wanted to keep it but he asshole boyfriend makes her throw it back.  \n\nI mean, I played baseball a long time and am a hardcore fan.  I like to think I'd throw an away team's HR ball back, too.  But not if my chick wanted to keep it.  \n\nBut, whenever I go to games, I always look around at kids in the area that'd might want a ball so that, if I were to catch one, I could give it to them to keep","At Coors Field they kick you out for throwing the ball back. ","Wut?  That is ridiculous","I agree. They just had a guy thrown out on the news the other day. He was there with his two sons and had idea of the rule. ","I think the Athletics needed it more than us","Thank you for your input","Thank you for your input to my input.","Well...he isnt Hillary Clinton.","He said not doing anything illegal.","What, like he wiped his balls clean with a cloth or something? ","¯\\\\_(ツ)_/¯","I've never understood the 'value' of identical items that have 'done specific things'. ","Nobody over the age of 10 should be bringing a glove to a baseball game","Let them hate you but youre absolutely right. This is Reddit tho so 90% of the users are the awkward losers who would bring their gloves to the park. ","As if anyone on reddit would have the balls to go outside in the first place, around thousands of human beings.","but you're also on reddit. fucking awkward losers.","I'm redditing from outside.  Checkmate.","lol this nerd plays chess","With my eyes closed, hands tied behind my back.","Ya, fuck the people that want to have fun at a baseball game and bring a glove! What a bunch of losers, am I right? \n\n/s","We're Americans, it's what we do.","&gt; if i catch a homerun ball by anyone. ... I'm keeping it\n\n[Aaaanyone?](http://assets.nydailynews.com/polopoly_fs/1.2245995.1433389180!/img/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/article_635/s.jpg)","I mean, did anybody notice the ball floated in mid air for a second?","thats what you get when television refuse to broadcast anything above 24fps...","Not until you mentioned it.\n\nHE's A WIZARD","Sadly you can get thrown out for following this tradition at the Dome. ","Literally happened at today's game, in the rogers center......","Most parks it gets you bounced. ","Where's the Dome? I want to be sure I don't like their team in the future.","Skydome A.K.A Rogers Centre, so no Blue Jays for you. ","You can always tell the Canadians. Milk bag","Unless it's the postseason or a holiday, they are almost always generic.","What game were you looking for again?  I think I have one from that. ","Me too, I have a game ball from that game too. ","Same except mine was from a grand slam hit","I too have balls","I have 40 balls from that game! Let's move some money around here","The have to","My buddy coaches little league and has used this speech before.  None of these youngins have seen good cinema so the reactions are classic i hear.  Meanwhile the coaches think it is hilarious.","Now the want to, that's where the fear lives. ","Never tell me the odds","Classic Star Wars banter right here! ","But how often do you go to games? The rarity of attending these events seem to call for incredibly specific preparations.","A lot of people? I've never heard of this","I mean they need that to play, It's not like that have thousands spare with them being eight quid a pop.","Why be concerned about something that probably couldn't be sold for  more than a couple of bucks anyway?   Afraid of giving a kid a ball that might be worth $5?  Or do you have like 50 foul balls mounted on stands all through the house?","He has a ball pit, he strips down, oils himself up, and swims in them scrooge mcduck style. ","Why does the monetary value of the ball factor into this at all? Surely the point of collecting a baseball at the stadium is for the memories and sentimental value.","How can there be any sentimental value left in the fifth foul ball in one game?  I can see the first foul ball you've ever caught at a game having some personal sentimental value, but after the fifth one, if it's not some sort of memorable occasion, what's the point of keeping it?   Give the ball to some kid who can show his friends and take it to show'n'tell.  As a grown adult I just don't see why anyone would want a collection of foul balls that are relatively easy to get if that's what you really want.","Why do you care so much about what other people attach value to that you have to write a paragraph on it. Some people value different things and that's alright, let the man have his foul balls.","Uh... Because odd behaviour is something people discuss here?  Why do you care so much about what I write that you feel the need to castigate me?  Just let the random stranger make his comments.  ","You were the one who was questioning the dude on a perfectly harmless hobby of his and my comment was made because I felt like he shouldn't have to justify himself over the collection of small trinkets. Especially because your tone was accusatory, asking if he was afraid to give a kid a ball, which is a completely loaded question.","Why do you care about having multiple foul balls? I'd like to catch one some day, and I could see myself maybe keeping it. But it's just a baseball. I certainly wouldn't want more than one. I could understand a home run ball more. ","Haha that's very nice","well, not really 'cause it gets replaced. still a ball in posession ","LPT, put in the front of your pants. \n\nSLPT, put it in the back of your pants.","Come to a Mariner's game. They're empty, so you can pretty much just find foul balls anywhere.","Texas Ranger fan here. Most times an employee will come find you and give you a ball just for keeping up with the tradition. ","It puts the home run ball back in our else it gets the hose again. ","I think it was this [guy](http://www.51allout.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/Homer-boxing.jpg)","Tony Gwynn wasn't the only one that put it in the 5.5 hole that night.","Looks like we got a badass over here","Oh right.  I forgot all about the milk bags, you friggin' weirdos.  What's next, throw fries and cheese curds on a plate and cover them in gravy?  ","On a big fucking plate. And I'm not sharing. Sorry.","Fun fact, milk cartons missing person has worked I think once. ","It's Coor Light, save yourself the time and pour it into the toilet.","Come one, come all! Gather around to see the man who doesn't like Coors Light! Big whoop.","So we can make fun of sports teams, but suddenly it's uncouth to make fun of beer? \n\nGo back to russia you communist. ","[deleted]","and it is your american right to do so, but its also my american right to accuse your beer, and sports team, of being the choice for sissies. \n\nthats the beautiful eden i want to live in. That's the america i believe in.","FUNKY BUTT LOVIN'","not to mention pop pop pop","Would you like my Skip Carey/Pete Van Weiren talking bobble head from last nights game? ","OH MY GODDDD","....by law stores can't give out free plastic bags?\n\nAnd you're calling us weird?\n\nWhat fucking business is it to the government if a store wants to give something away for free?","Reducing plastic waste and encouraging reusable bags","I'm guessing the intent is to conserve plastic. If you have to pay for the bag you're less likely to toss it in the trash and more likely to re-use it, thus reducing waste.","Happens in the US too","I think this is why they had security tags for a while! ","Plastic waste is of issue to the government no matter which corporation is perpetuating it. The law is in place because people don't give a fuck about the environment unless they're told they should. ","And yet so many people bring gloves to the game.","And yet, it would take minimal effort to rip/tear/cut that tag off and make off with a pocket full of bags anyways. \n\nI'm not sure which is worse... EAS tags on 10p bags or marmite. Strange happenings going on across the pond, mate. ","Too much effort. It's more about low effort strops than any serious attempt at profiteering. ","Ok... so I'll head over to London, steal all the 10p bags I can, then turn around and sell them for 8p without any EAS crap on them. So I made 8p profit per bag, so maybe in 40 years I'd have enough to take a tour of Buckingham Palace. ","Bwahahaha","No one? Fine, never tell me the odds.","Then you can tell people you and Lance Armstrong have something in common.","The braves are honestly the most frustrating team ever. On the cusp of being great, but never quite there. And then this year has started and oh boy ","That sounds like it would work great until the guy you're selling the home run ball to comes across the footage of you tossing it back.","I've been to so many games in my life, spring training too, since being a kid at 8 years old to being the responsible 36 year old I am now, and have not once caught a ball. One rolled under my damn seat once and my wife got on my case for not \"being fast enough with your hands\". So if I ever caught an opposing team's homerun ball, damn straight I'm keepin it. I'll take the heckling. Hell I'd even go to Wrigley, and if I caught an opposing team's homerun, I'd keep it. Then run for my life with said ball. \n","rowengartner, you suck!","This is what happens when we run out of beer cans after the 7th.","Yep. Just ask the Reds.","Throw*","thuruogh*","I don't know that I'd want any balls that have been around A-Rod.","Fuck man im actually lookin into buying gold to give you","We had that in Dallas to for about 5 minutes, till someone sued and it got thrown out as an unfair tax or something like that.\n\nI didn't mind it, until the fucking cashier wouldn't tell me until after our transaction that the bags were 5 cents extra and I'd have to put a charge of less than a quarter on my debit card.","If they can't fit them in their purse they don't want them. ","/r/frustratingupvotes","They are Canadian...they're prepared for everything ","Nick Swisher injected some life! /s","Nick Swisher is part of the Yankees AAA now. ","[deleted]","I'm glad I'm not the only one that thought that was nutty.  Like there was a baseball magnet on the end of his bat.","That's hilarious. I don't know much about baseball but it's funny the way everyone understands that tradition","Are you that happy kind of drunk guy at games? Like the ones that sang happy birthday to my dad when I took him to see the Rockies for his birthday?\n\nNinja(?) edit: Sorry if that came off as rude, a few things about what you said that reminded me of the conversation we had with them.","I try to be","Funny comment on disappointment with how the Brewers and Cubs seasons are going. ","ha your country is balls","Balls.","That's fine but then proving you still have the home run ball is a little hard.","I've been to 20-30 games and have gotten a couple balls. I do wonder what the chances are though, definitely depends on your seat location.","Keep in mind it has to be a home run from the opposing team haha.\n\nBut I could see if you're in left field, depending on the ballpark, you probably have a decent chance.","Same thing happens for hockey games. People will sometimes bring a spare hat to throw, on the off chance there is a hat trick.","Yep, saw and old man get escorted out of a Nats game for throwing the ball back. ","IT's kind of silly. It's a ball from the field of play, it should go back! Imagine if every out of bounds ball in basketball went to a fan!! It's the same situation!","Looks like she's saying \"I'll give you head\"","Is the fact that she drugged you to replace your balls the reason why you two broke up?","Figuratively speaking","How are the new ones holding up? Itchy?","No but they get a lot more use.","I always loved golf.","That was actually pretty funny.","Hey, that guy got his homerun ball, that's pretty nice of that guy.","Didn't seem to slow the Sandlots down ","Stay classy Packers fans.","As a fellow Braves fan... There is nothing else we can do for this season. The baseball gods (and the front office) have forsaken Braves Country for this season","The antithesis of Steve Bartman.","Someone should make this into a downvote gif.","no one does this lol","You haven't been keeping up on baseball, have you?","In some stadiums, you can get kicked out for throwing the ball back. ","Ha ha ha I have seen this happen quite often. I used to go to see the reds in Cincinnati when I lived in Kentucky and saw that happen too. ","10p? Assuming they were introduced around the same time Canada did it they'd be at least 50p + tax","Price tag above the bags said 10p. ","Godammit; Canadian stores need to stop this shit with intentionally upcharging us just because those companies are owned by a foreign company or they want to be competitive. Every time I go to a grocery store I get a plastic bag just to spite the 5c plastic bag charge at grocery stores and since the discount grocer near me doesn't have a tobacco license I go to the convenience store often. Also they stopped having the actual recycable paper bags around the same time. Its not like the 5c goes to charity.","Baseball is extremely superstitious, therefore many of the fans develop delusional thinking and strange habits, *just in case*. \nLike me, I bring a mitt, and I sit where no foul ball has ever gone.","lol so sorry your Thrashers got up and left- Atlanta fans do not care about their teams.","about half of atlanta residents were born somewhere other than georgia, so there's not a lot of incentive for those people to suddenly become fans of a different team(s) when they move here\n\nespecially when all our sports teams are not very good","I'm a Raiders and Braves fan, it's been a long time since I have cared about playoffs in any sport.","Ouch. Falcons aren't much better though.","I'm trusting the Braves farm system and the Raiders are looking better than I've seen them since the early 2000s. It was hard watching the FO trade away all the best players on the Braves, though. I couldn't believe it when they traded Kimbrel.","Looks like she's saying \"go ahead\"","Why are the announcers confused in the second video if this is tradition? ","They're not. Watch it again. The question is sarcasm. They are referencing the first video.","Lifelong Royals fan here: it can always get better. ","I hear ya, I watch every season regardless. Our next couple years look really promising, to accompany the new stadium","[Best one I've seen](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=mE5jjSPh39Y)","[deleted]","Oh hell, I don't know what to believe, now!","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coors_Field#Reputation_as_a_home_run-friendly_park","[deleted]","I got you:\n\n\"Prior to the 2002 baseball season, studies determined that it was more the dry air rather than thin air which contributed to the more frequent home runs. It was found that baseballs stored in drier air are harder and therefore more elastic to the impact of the bat. A room-sized humidor was installed in which to store the baseballs, and since its introduction the number of home runs at Coors Field has decreased and is now nearly the same as other parks.[14]\"","more on par, but still not quite. Look at any team's stats in vs. out of Coors field\n","That's kinda crazy. I watched the gif looked up at the TV and this legit was the next pitch on Jays in 30 lol","Start following the hawks! ","She is cuuuute!","...yeah nobody does this","So acceptable and legitimately the best thing to do. ","In fact it's so acceptable that people shame you if now you don't.","[remember this woman?](http://i.imgur.com/S8pCpfr.gifv)","Do I remember the spawn of satan and embodiment of hatred and all thats wrong with the world? ","But you can't just blame her for this. I know that's easy, and that's comfortable. And I'm not blaming just you either, believe me.\n\n*We all share the blame equally for all of this.*","Thats cute, youre still at that stage in life where you think offering or adopting a dissenting opinion makes you special and unique. ","No, I'm really not doing that. Besides, why is any dissent at all bad? It isn't. Please try to be reasonable with me here. We don't all have to be so bitter. Put yourself in my place. Think about how you could think these things.\n\nI'm really just ***trying*** here, man","This bitch is on a whole other level.","Tossing a beer at her would have been so satisfying.","But what does that solve? Honestly, what does it solve? It just makes her feel worse, and you feel good. That's still not right, or *good*. And once again, I'm not trying to blame you. I'm not even angry, and I'm being so sincere with you. Or at least I'm trying. \n\nI'm done blaming individuals. That doesn't fix a damned thing and we all know it.\n\nSo let's all bear the blame equally. None of this would be possible if all of us agreed to stop.","Wisconsin vs Illinois sports rivalry. All but one of the parties involved got a good laugh out of it and the dad was a Cubs fan so it was his fault. The daughter sided with Mom and got the ball that made the final out of the game. I didn't get in a little kids face, just let him know why his sister got the ball and not him.\n\nIt doesn't solve anything obviously, but a huge part of sports is getting to talk trash to your rivals. ","I'm not talking specifics here. I mean everything. \n\nEverything that leads up to things and the things that those things lead to. We need to ask \"why\"?\n\nWhy is it a huge part of sports?\n","Yes, it's all of our social compulsions being used against us. What we have we **done**? I'm a \"downer\" for asking such questions. But I'll fucking be a goddamned downer if that's what it takes to change things. \n\nI really want to change things. I want to love. And that's seems crazy for no *good* reason.","Probably same reason you gotta put a quarter in the grocery cart to use it.  You get the quarter back when you return the cart. ","Fuck I'm a stupid cheap fuck. I thought they charged a quarter so I always looked for one that wasn't locked in.","From the country that brought the world toast sandwiches!","Would it be a fair out? If it went in stands and was thrown back in?","No","Come on, man...","That would make baseball really fucking awesome","So would the way the guy in Diamond City described baseball","how funny I thought the guy was just arguing with his girlfriend and was \"like idgaf about this ball or you.\"\n\nprojectinggggggggggggg","Rays fan, our team is a farm system for the mlb and we get to see our coach prospering in chicago.","BTW is this why the Braves, especially back in the 90's, focused on strong pitching lineups? Solid pitching + Atlanta humidity working together to keep balls from being hit out of the park? ","Interestingly enough before the Rockies, the Braves stadium was the \"high altitude\" stadium of MLB.  They used to call it the Fulton County Stadium Launching Pad.\n\nDoesn't matter what park you're in, stockpiling pitching is usually a really good idea but having ground ball/control pitchers in a park that plays small half the year is an even better idea.","They had strong pitching.... But Bobby Cox old school by the book baseball was shit for post season play.    ","Why? I know nothing of baseball :\\","I know nothing about baseball stats, but it's worth noting that humid air is less dense than dry air.  If you think of it as an ideal gas, each H₂O vapor molecule (mass 16) is displacing either N₂ (mass 28) or O₂ (mass 32) while taking up the same space.  This lowers the aggregate mass without changing volume, therefore lowering the aggregate density.","How can H2O be mass 16 but 2 O molecules have mass 32? Doesn't that mean 1 O will weigh 16?","Water has a mw of like 18. Two hydrogens one oxygen. ","yeah ok thats what i thought. cheers","Oops, meant to add 2 for the H₂ but forgot.  I meant mass 18.  Still a lot less than the mix of 28 and 32 that is dry air.\n","https://www.exploratorium.edu/baseball/howfar3.html There's some empirical data. It makes sense when you think about it, but I was honestly surprised when I read your post.","I can't speak for everyone but I bring a minimum of two balls to every game","The balls in england, I'm in france and your in America so I dont think a transaction's going to be easy. \n\nI went to two games of the Padres vs the Braves, I guess it was pre 1993 because kurt kubain was still alive. \n\nWe parked in a gravel/dirty carpark behind home plate. On the slow walk to the car I was hoping a ball would fly over the top as a few had gone in that direction early in the game and then one flew over. I ran right and got it after 1 bounce.  I have tried to find it on the map but maybe they have moved since then or updated it all. The weather was sunny, it was a day game and the Padres were losing. I had a padres hat I was wearing around town and some boy said to his father, 'why would you wear a padres hat? They are the worst team.'","&gt; A lot of people\n\nNo, not \"a lot\" of people.  There is literally one single gif of an old man doing this.","[deleted]","A handful of people might bring balls to a game.  An overwhelming majority do not.  Period.","It doesn't have to be an overwhelming majority to be a lot.","It's a known tradition though","&gt;  An overwhelming majority\n\nNo one said that though.","&gt;A handful of people \n\nA handful =/= a lot.","[removed]","Are they twins or lovers?","Why not both?","You just reminded me that Game of Thrones is on tonight. ","Exactly.","Anyone else bothered by that girls hair? Was it 80's night or something?","Bothered? It looks great!","Not really, she looks cute. ","All these downvotes are just wrong, guy just stated his opinion... downvoting will just make him not sharing his thought next time but will still think that","Canada.","Actually yes, if you're into hairstyles, you can easily be offended by that one.","Lol, all these downvotes. ","No shit.","you would be surprised it happens a lot ","Yes, that *should* be reasonable for all of us. \n\nIf the child wants the ball, and the man with the ball wants the child to have the ball, and we **all** want the child to have the ball, ***then why can't we give the child the ball.*** What sort of crazy world is this where each of us individually ignore what we *want?*\n\nAnd I'm not just talking about this situation, you know I'm not. I'm talking about *so* much.","Ask [this guy](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zack_Hample) about those odds. ","Never tell me the odds","/r/nevertellmetheodds","I KNEW i saw that King of Kong dude somewhere else!","I control+f'ed 'away' to find someone saying what I thought! You came up first!","It rolls back right as he's running back into the dugout lol perfect! ","This summarizes how much Torontonians actually care about sports.","Gees dude, toss it to a kid.","wasn't a toronto player that hit it. ","\"My bitch aint allowed to keep foul balls. The only balls she needs are mine!\"","Giants fan here. Heeey!","You mean your parents have it","Sell u/seredin that ball, dont be wierd ","This is not true at all. ","Had she caught that ball, does anyone know? ","Zero fucks given. ","They should have named that site jiphy.com just to infuriate people.","I'm confused as to how this would even mildly upset someone.","https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3dyhlw/gif_vs_jif/","[Because the war is not yet won.](http://i.imgur.com/R5H8qkE.png)","Tradition states you shouldn't keep an opposing team's home run. Unless it is actually worth something.\n\nThen keep it.","For love of the game man. Don't do this. That player might be on your team next year. Who knows. I get rivalries, but give respect to the players. Unless it's Yasiel Puig. Batflippin summa bitch.","Nope. I'm 35 and I've never gotten a ball, I'm keeping it, tradition be damned! ","[I remember seeing bags of these hanging in markets in China - I hear they're very salty](http://imgur.com/CGpL7Mf) ","they look.... fleshy","[deleted]","They have a very home run friendly park. You'd be surprised how huge of a difference the air resistance actually makes. It's actually 415 ft to straight away center, and 350 to left and right field. That's on the bigger side of most parks. ","[deleted]","How does this affect the air density?","I just did a little research, apparently it doesn't have as much to do with air density as I thought. It's more about the balls drying out and being \"bouncier\" off the bats. Hence the humidor keeping the balls more moist. It's kept the era almost a full point lower for NL pitchers at Coors since they installed it, so I guess that's helped. \n\nhttp://www.popsci.com/entertainment-amp-gaming/article/2008-11/why-do-colorado-rockies-keep-their-baseballs-humidor","I know you're kidding, but seriously. Walk the treeline or fence line near any rec ballpark or minor league park and you'll find more than a handful. Used to sneak under the old left field bleachers of Grayson stadium in Savannah and find buckets of them ","&gt; you'll find more than a handful\n\nSo, more than one? =]","Minor league and college games you can rack up on baseballs. I've been outside Slugger Field in Louisville and picked up 3 baseballs in the street, 3 different times. But I've gotten several from there and Tennessee Smokies games. When it's cold and nobody there you can send your kids down to get 5 in a game off foul balls.","The chick doesn't even flinch, shes knows whats up","I've got a Barry Bonds homerun ball from 1998 in a Ziploc in my nightstand. The only ball I've ever caught at a game, but I have no way to prove its authenticity.","Barry Bonds homerun ball*","But how can they then prove the ball that they kept is real? I mean, to themselves, yeah, they will know. But to anyone else, just to display it, or especially to try and sell it, how will anyone else believe the ball they kept is the real one?","None of this is really WORTH anything? None of this matters. None of us know anything, and we can't keep claiming to do so.\n\nBut do you know what I do know?\n\nI *know* what I *feel*. Even if I don't want to. I can't place meaning into my emotions the way I can with other things. I don't have to. I just... *feel*.\n\n*That matters.* ***That's worth something.***","Must be nice. People are into soccer around here and there is no way you are getting a hard object like a baseball into the stadium, because assholes with no life outside of their sports team will throw shit at the opposing team or the ref.","I'll play the heel and get the crowd to boo me for not throwing it back. ","Was that the rookie of the year\n","[deleted]","Are you making a joke? \n\nI'm asking because I honestly want to know. I'm not angry or anything, I know you could think that.","It's 100% a joke.  I just found his wording to be funny so I went with it.  I guess it wasn't obvious.  Sorry","It's fine. We make mistakes. That's okay. Just in case it isn't clear, I'm trying to completely, nearly painfully honest here. I just feel like it's the best way.","Speaking of trying to sneak in something to a game,  I feel like should always buy a lotto ticket when I go to a game. I am always one of the people chosen at \"random\" to be searched. ","I posted this below but this dude pisses me off so much I have to repost:\n\nI cant stand this guy. By all accounts, Im a pacifist but I just want to punch this guy in the face so bad. He's the perfect mixture of desperation and smugness. Watching him hustle all over ball parks, lying and deceiving players, coaches, and fans alike just to get a worthless $2 piece of rubber and leather. He steals chances for little kids to leave a game with a token of the great memory they'll have going to the ballpark and he's smug about it. He's so pathetic just [look at the guy.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRwk6W22EAc) Worst. Person. Ever. (that isnt doing anything illegal or harming anyone else)","I dunno man, I read about him when he caught Arod's record breaking HR ball and traded it for a signed bat and $150k to charity.  He's a harmless big kid that's taken something fun and turned it into a few books and a charity to do good.  Most of his balls come from batting practice hours before the game, which anybody could get.  If you want a ball, he's literally written books telling you how to do it.  Compared to the average mouth breathing human this guy seems pretty good.","It's his pasttime, and I'm pretty sure there's enough to go around -- little kids still get thrown balls! And did you read the article? At least at some point he turned it into a pledge-based charity project... just my opinion, but I think he's a great guy. \"Smugness\" isn't really a reason to hate somebody.","&gt;A great guy\n\nWhat proof do you have to base that assessment on? Yes, I did read the article. Did you actually watch the video linked or see any of the other videos this tool is in? He's a gloryhound that literally wrestles balls away from kids whenever there is a scram for a loose ball and gloats after the fact. He keeps every ball and never gives up or hands over any of his precious mementos even when faced with a crying 8 year old (8 year olds, dude) that just wanted one keepsake, when this loser literally has thousands. As for the charity pledges? Not a bad gig considering he doesnt have to donate any of his own money or the balls he collects, but still receives the goodwill publicity. This guy sucks.","I didn't see the ones of my man wrestlin for balls lol. That is pretty messed up!","*THROW IT BACK!  THROW IT BACK!*","And gas-fired appliances are far less efficient.","1-10 at home now, yet paid attendance was over 30,000 today. In all sincerity, hats off to Braves fans for their aggregate stomachs of steel.","bobblehead day today, plus it was sunday afternoon\n\nthat being said, never trust stadium numbers. turner field has been absolutely barren since midway through last year, and most of the fans that show up are transplants who moved to atlanta and root for the away team.","It was sad watching the braves run all the way to the post season like every year and then take a shit.","this year we just skipped to the last part immediately and will presumably continue to do so for the rest of the season","I save all my grocery bags in a big grocery bag. ","Exactly what I thought, this guy's wife has probably been saying the same thing for 50 years","Can confirm, I even write \"kept the real one\" on my throw away. ","She's cute","I mean, we sell a lot of products in the \"Bag O'\" line.. like Bag O' Glass, Bag O' Nails, Bag O' Bugs, Bag O' Vipers, Bag O' Sulfuric Acid...","Because a container goes gulp gulp gulp and gets allll over. A bag you just unsqueeze to get an instant stop. It works 100x better if you try it. Method sells bags of soap for this reason.","What tradition? It was a Cubs thing that didn't start until the late 60's and only very recently has started to spread to other parks, a dude was kicked out of Coor's Field last week because it is actually against stadium rules. \n\nThis is something people are trying to push out to other stadiums and it isn't a tradition it is people trying to copy a tradition. ","&gt; it is people trying to copy a tradition.\n\nso... like every tradition ever.","This is a baseball thing sorry to burst your bubble.  If you want to get technical sure, it may have started with the Cubs.  But I've been a baseball fan for over 25 years and this has been a commonplace for as long as I remember.","I've been a baseball fan for longer than 25 years, and this is a Cubs thing.","I've been a baseball fan for 20 years, this is definitely more of a Wrigley thing than anywhere else. ","I've been a baseball fan for 21 years. This is definitely not more of a Wrigley thing than anywhere else.","Lol agree to disagree","Wouldn't take sports advice from the guy who likes the Celtics and the rangers.","Wouldn't take sports advice from a guy that doesn't realize the Cubs are the origin of throwing the ball back. \n\nIf every team starts throwing octopus on the ice, it would still be a Red Wings \"thing\".\n\nhttp://www.pinstripealley.com/2013/9/13/4723520/yankees-fans-home-run-balls-cubs-red-sox\n\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wrigley_Field#Traditions_and_mainstays\n\n\n","Here you are debating the origins of it when my original post said, regardless of where it started it's a baseball thing now.\n\nPeople are saying it's more of a cubs thing which simply is not true.\n\nArgue the point at hand not a different one.\n\nEdit: actually no, it would be an NHL thing if everyone started throwing octopuses out.  Just like hats are thrown for a hat trick regardless of where it started.","It's a cubs tradition copied by other teams. \n\nCopying something doesn't make it your own. \n\nThrowing a ball back is a wrigley tradition. Anyone else doing it is only doing so because of wrigley. \n\nJust like a lot of teams use \"terrible towels\" it is still a Pittsburgh Steelers thing. \n\nIt is most definitely more of a Cubs thing than anyone else. Go to a cubs game and you're expected to throw the ball back, go to any other stadium and no one is going to yell at you to throw the ball back. \n","People take ideas from people all the time, look at any culture around the world.\n\nYou insist because it may have started at Wrigley it makes it a cubs thing, and you're just plain wrong.\n\nJust because you say, but it started at Wrigley that means it never left wrigley.\n\nI guess all rivalries between teams are copying the redsox and yankees.","Yeah, it was Cubs only for decades, and now everybody thinks it's so funny and damn it it's a Cubs thing let us have it","Well we all put up ugly disgusting tv screens in our stadiums and you  took that from us. So unless you take down your gigantic tv, you can deal with us throwing balls back. :-P","I'd be okay with that","Other people doing it doesn't take anything away from the Cubs. ","All the kids are gonna downvote you but you are correct.","As a life long White sox fan/cubs hater, I can confirm this stupidity started (and should stay) @ Wrigley. ","yeah i've been going to the skydome for years. i catch a ball i keep it i dont give a shit who hit it. (although usually its joey)","Not that I live close enough to be going to games, but for me it would be find the nearest kid to hand the ball off to. ","thats sweet and fine, just don't try to make me give mine away. lol i've been collecting.","You're 100% correct. This is only tradition in Wrigley field. Everywhere else is just emulating them. ","There's a fine line between, \"I would never\" and \"Fuck tradition, imma eBay \"","Like a record breaking HR ball? I'm keeping it.","She was defo wanting to keep it, that scowl she gives him lofl ","I think the title is more like: Give it back already, sweetie.","My friend's mother is from the UK. She said growing up cricket was pretty big over there. So when the balls came out it was a custom to throw it back.. She moved to the US to attend college and went to a Yankees game. She caught a home run, then threw it back while all the fans gasped. ","in cricket you have to throw it back, the condition of the ball etc has a huge impact on the game. You can't just keep using new balls. If you refuse to give it back often security will come and get it from you and maybe even kick you out. Poor girl probably assumed the same with baseball!","Do you know if they use a new ball for every game? You mentioned the condition of a ball effecting the game, which I only assume can be compared to playing frisbee golf- and having a disc chip when it hits a tree. It'll always throw different after that. Interesting though! ","Yes every game, each team will start with a new ball, it's just that as the game goes in, the wear and tear starts to effect the ball and how it bounces, spins etc, ultimately affecting a players ability to hit the ball, It's harder to hit a new ball than an old one, because a new one bounces and spins far more, therefore it's unfair to just bring out a new ball each time it gets hit into the crowd, so they try to keep the same ball throughout the game, until the umpire decides the old ball is too damaged and it's time for a new one. sometimes it's impossible to retrieve the ball like if it's hit out the stadium etc, so they usually keep a few spare balls of different conditions to replace the lost ball with.","That's absolutely fascinating! I appreciate you sharing the knowledge! I live in the states so I don't have many chances to watch the game. I've seen a few local leagues but that's the extent of my experience. May I ask how you got to be so versed with cricket!","haha it's ok! I'm British, so we grew up playing that and rugby! I enjoy it a lot but it's a dying sport (although t20 has bought some life back into it) probably our 3rd or 4th most popular sport, it really is the equivalent of baseball to you guys. Football(Soccer) being the main sport similar to your NFL/NBA. ","Have you heard about the movie concussion? That should've been made for rugby instead of American Football. I do wish it was bigger over here. I enjoy the lack of laces. A friend of mine was from over the pond growing up and we played around a bit! What's T20? So many new terms :p \n\nEdit: Also any other sports you chaps play that we don't over here? ","We actually get gas with a slightly higher octane rating because of this too, our regular unleaded is 89 instead of 87.","You mean slightly lower.... octane in the rocky mountains are lower than the rest of the country. The regular unleaded here is 85. Not 87 or 89.","I have a ball from around that same time.  It was a Spring training game, and I got Andre Dawson to sign it afterwards.  \n\nStill probably not worth anything though.","A ball signed by a major league Hall of Famer? Yeah, just throw it in the garbage, I'm sure it's not worth *anything*.","Last time I looked it up it was supposedly worth like $35. Though I doubt I could find anyone who would actually give me that.","Really thought the guy in the first vid popped the ball up to his hand and then handed it off to the homerun hitter all smooth. ","Bill from pawn shop here, the best i can give you is $20,000","Fuckin Canadians","Wade Boggs' 3000th hit (a home run) landed three rows in front of me. So close!","At least we swept the Marlins!!! ^^^^^^/s","I love how you can see her say \"Nope... okay.\" Wow awesome! If anyone is reading this comment, let me know! I'd love to know that I'm being noticed. ","you've been noticed :)","Fuck you.",":(","That pocket does look perfect for a baseball though.","On a side note, she's a 10.\n","While I don't want to turn this into a game of objectify the woman, I do have to state that we have wildly different standards of beauty.","The tone of your post and your choice of username don't match!","Implying *any* woman is a ten. Tens don't exist pal, there is no such thing as a perfect woman.","Wht he do dat?","She's saying \"throw the ball\".","Bags don't stand up on their own. That's where the problem comes in. That is why they make hard body plastic containers.","Finally","You don't get away with that shit at Wrigley.","To quote a Canadian: *Is it too late now to say sorry? Because I am missing more than just your body...*","Where's that? University of Wyoming?","&gt; University of Wyoming\n\nNegative we're about 600 feet higher than them. West State Colorado univ","Ah, cool.  I've driven through there, gorgeous area.","I'll give you $4 for the bag.","why are you dressed like indianapolis jones?","Can it, Wazowski","I bring baseballs so I can sell them to Cardinals fans. Most of them have never seen a baseball up close before. ","How very Canadian of him. ","Awesome! lol! :) ","&gt; I wish more things came in bags, so much easier to dispense into containers.\n\nso you would prefer more things to come in bags, as opposed to containers, so that then they are more easily dispensed into containers? Why not just buy it in a container in the first place then?\n","So I'm mainly thinking of things I can put in reusable, nice containers - hand soap, dish soap, shampoo... Mostly different kinds of soaps. It looks nicer, it's cheaper buying in bulk, and it produces less waste.","I thought only Cubs fans did this?","No, it's become a league-wide thing at this point and has even bled into other sports. I caught an away team's Field Goal that went through the uprights and then continued hooking left and missed the net. Threw it back.","I laughed because I am not a sports person and thought he was just throwing her ball back like lol biiiitch","And you get drunk faster...","Not our fault we only have beers in hand to throw when angry instead of fancy braclets like in Philly /s","Did you mail the insurance ball? *cuts to Gob throwing ball into field, just for it to get caught in an updraft and fly back up*","*Segway slowly rolls backward*","Can't throwing items on the play field get you tossed out of the park, even if the item is a played baseball?","i am confused, by opposing team you mean the away one ?","He dropped it like his diet","Saw that on TV.  I was shocked a Jays fan knew enough or cared enough about baseball to do that.\n","This made me very proud to be a Jays fan - good job, dude.","Jesus fuck! I didn't Know this was a fucking thing! I'm gonna carry a baseball everywhere now!","Which college?","Western state colorado univ","Winters must be fun.","Quite a bit of fun indeed. It's actually snowing out side and thunderstorming right now. All around fun weather.","Man I want snow :/","Most fuel is also a lower octane in the Rockies as well.\n\nSince less air is getting into the engine, you don't need a super high octane rating as you won't be pinging at those altitudes.","AhhhhTHATS why! I drove  back and forth across the country a lot a few years back and noticed that in any state that had the Rockies the octane fuel was always low.  \n\nI always wondered if I was going to harm my engine using that low octane fuel because it was less than the recommended.   It was fine butbi used to grumble at the pump grrr can't even get normal fucking gas here.  \n\n","There aren't as many home runs hit there anymore, but the bigger field just leads to more doubles. It's still the highest scoring stadium in the majors by a significant margin. ","Cool! I haven't really kept track, I just remember all that talk about it when the Rockies were up for the pennant about 10ish years ago  ","Hey, that was kinda warrented... ","Why not turn around and see if there is some young kid looking for it first?","touche","D!","Tradition states that you shouldn't keep anything unless it's actually worth something.","Thought that was only tradition at Wrigley","was gonna say... wouldn't just making the field 9% longer than those at sea level offset that? if anyone really cared. \n\nbut it doesn't really matter because both teams in the game have the same edge. ","Presumably the Rockies have an advantage because they can draft taking into account that offense for them is more valuable (since they are playing half of their games on an offensive field).","They must be terrible at everything else then.","Yep, pitching especially.","Coors Field is already has largest field in the Majors. If you move the walls back any more it would be too big for the outfielders to cover and you'd have a huge jump in doubles, triples, and inside the park home runs.","I'm seen somebody ejected for throwing the ball back. "],["Does anyone have a different link to this? It appears to be broken. \n","[Found it without the caption.](http://i.imgur.com/j4cuqbF.gif)","Better quality.\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TRslKY04CIQ\n\nAt the :59 mark.","Sure its a bad tackle, but look at it from this angle. That man just picked up another man (a professional might I add) with one hand who was charging at him.... Then slammed him. I'm impressed. ","I believe this video was from when Texas played Rice, so neither of them were professionals. It's still impressive, but I don't think quite at the level you're saying.","Bad form and all, if I had been carrying that ball the play would have had the exact opposite outcome","There's a reason you're supposed to tackle low. That defender got embarrassed for being an idiot. ","annnnnnnnd removed :/ ","Original Beast Mode.","I just like the ref's reaction when he signals the touchdown. ","Sports science should calculate the amount of force delivered. He completely lifts a 200 lbs man going the opposite direction and carries him for 5 yards. ","Sadly watching this makes me think of the toll football and his running style took on his body. He could barely walk 25 years later.","That was more from the genetic narrowing of his spinal canal than the wear and tear from football.","Honestly bad form or not you still don't tackle Earl "],["GOAT","Will never get tired of watching Ronnie.\n\nEdit: Obligatory [vidya](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=bpeBugHSCnU) for my Ronnie crew.","Wow. I watched all 6 minutes of that without a second thought","Every time I see this, I choke when the announcer starts talking about the maximum before it's done. If someone did that in baseball they'd get choked out.","That little smirk, he knows he's the shit ","What a player","Will someone who knows snooker far better than I do please explain what happened to me? Obviously hitting that many walls and still being accuracy is damn good, but why did he have to do that ","At that stage in the game, Ronnie has to pot the Green ball, which obviously is almost impossible for him to do from that situation. However, even though he can't pot the Green, he still has to hit it or else it's a foul, and he also can't hit any other colour before it hits the Green. What he managed to do here is not only escape a very difficult situation but also provide his opponent with an equally tricky one","Thanks. Some quick googling tells me this guys is pretty good at snooker huh?","He once said to an opponent something alone the lines of \"I'm so much better than you I can beat you with my left hand\". The guy took him to court for slander or whatever and the judge said it isn't disrespectful if its true and commissioned a game to test it. Ronnie won.","sounds like bollocks to me - nothing on google. source?","http://www.independent.co.uk/sport/anger-over-left-leaning-osullivan-1306125.html\n\n&gt;O'Sullivan qualified for the last 16 with a 10-3 demolition of the French Canadian Alain Robidoux. But he angered Robidoux with his decision to play a number of shots towards the end left-handed.\n\nhttp://www.independent.co.uk/sport/general/snooker-bad-breaks-mount-up-for-a-troubled-soul-428502.html\n\n&gt;It had been a similar story in 1996 when he played left-handed ­ and won ­ against Alain Robidoux in the World Championships. The young Englishman was summoned to a disciplinary hearing where he was asked to prove he could play to a professional standard left-handed. Three winning frames later, against Rex Williams, and the charge of bringing the game into disrepute was dropped. And so the cracks had merely been masked by his own undoubted genius.","Don't let the truth get in the way of a good story","Ahhh that's a shame. It was definitely on wikipedia at one point. I sort of deliberately left out a source so you wouldn't believe me and look it up. \n\nAnyway he's a talk snooker page about it: \n\nhttp://www.talksnooker.co.uk/guides/snooker_legends_rocket_ronnie_o_sullivan.html\n\nEdit: and a TIL from a couple of years ago which shows it was on wikipedia at some point: \n\nhttps://www.reddit.com//r/todayilearned/comments/1lxv1m/til_in_1996_snooker_player_ronnie_osullivan_was/?sort=top","yeah - a disciplinary hearing and being sued for slander are not the same thing. interesting though","I misremembered. I got the gist of it though. That counts right?","Not really an equally tricky one, since the opponent has to hit the green AFAIK, and the green is close by. He will probably be unable to put it in a pocket, but he also won't have to work fucking magic to touch it.","In snooker you have to hit a red ball followed by one of the other colours, then a red ball, one of others and so forth.\n\nMy guess is seeing as he has run out of reds to hit and he's going to lose his go, he wanted to put the ball somewhere hard for his opponent.\n\nJust a guess though.","You guessed wrong","Looks like it :)","Almost as good as Van Hammersly, almost\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YraqJ7KDm7c","His record breaking 147 completed in just 5 minutes is one of my favourite videos of any sport, it is so perfectly flawless, what a fantastic snooker player and legend. ","sexy beast.\n","Has he ever lost? I only ever see clips where he crushes the opponent or gets out of a shot like this. Also, when they make the movie, they have to get Christoph Waltz to play Ronnie.","sometimes I miss Eurosport","All the more impressive since it was versus Trump.","as long as he's beating trump i'm happy","In your face Donald Trump. ","the mozart of pool","but was he able to stump the trump?","Not a sport","Shut up!","Thought that said Rossie O Donnell "]],"Unexpected":[["What are those animals!?","Ground Caribou.","Not to be confused with Air Caribou ","or Water Caribou","Or Fire Caribou","Everything changed when the Fire Caribou attacked.","https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEAKXokjwzg","Or Heart Caribou","Or Captain Caribou","Or Caribou Lou","151 rum, pineapple juice and malibu","Caribou Lou is 151 Malibu rum and pineapple so what's this weakness you're tryna sell me?","Or 10 carabuu land ","Oh God No. I've never been so shitfaced in my life.","Oh caribou, my caribou","[deleted]","Well that was rude.","[deleted]","How did he screw up when it was a Captain Planet reference?","Or space carabuu? Haven't heard of them in a while. ","Wouldn't they be Aribou?","Airibou","[Bearibou](http://i.imgur.com/vtQumtC.jpg)","Slash R slash hybrid animals ","Sounds like an animal Aang would like.","*Raindeer*","Or grilled caribou.","Nibbling at the hoops!","I don't know they seem pretty whole and intact to me.","They look like Tahr.","If memory serves, this is the correct answer. I think this was filmed in new Zealand, and there are no caribou here.","Yup, live in NZ and have hunted them before, definitely Tahr. Aka majestic fluffy mountain goat.","Scared","This is not loading right \n...\n*woah*","[How Not To Be Seen](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zekiZYSVdeQ)","\"Mrs. B. J. Smegma\"","Hold the camera?","[How Not To Be Seen](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GUEHfAtKT9o) Halo style.","The fuck did I just watch?","Monty Python","Ze Fluying Circusssssssssssssssssss","If you didn't watch any of the Monty Python you're a lucky bastard with lots of hours of laughter awaiting for you.","I've thought that before too, but some people I've met really don't seem to enjoy their brand of humor.","Stay far away from those people.","England. ","Had to rewatch it to see it wasn't faked!","Someone shot a gun and they all scatter.  You can see where the projectile makes dust from hitting the rocks.","I think what they meant was that the animals were there already in the first place.","[deleted]","*whoosh*","[deleted]","Completely missed OC's point.","[deleted]","God damn you're dumb","The animals weren't expecting the shotgun shot you mental midget","###WHOOSH","/r/IamVerySmart","Seeya!","Almost tough to see a difference after the gif resets.","They done R-U-N-N-O-F-T.","http://youtu.be/6x0Al5QkxDE","I was expecting a giant flash flood. Was surprised.","Damn burrowing Zerg.","That's a zergling, Lester","Smaller type of zerg. They wouldn't be out this far unless...","I love you Sarge...","Those cinematics messed with me so much as a kid lol.","The hills have hooves. ","WHY ISN'T THE GIF WORKI--- oh. ","I kept waiting to see what they were running from","I think it's a gunshot that hits one of the rocks","That guy was way off. ","He was obviously a rock hunter. The good rocks like to hide in larger animal groups. ","\"And the one on the left side of the mantle, that's basalt. Yep, tracked it from Maui to Hawai'i. Tough sonofabitch, too. The one on the right? That's sandstone from the Outback. Real mean. Couldn't get within 200 yards without it gettin' spooked. Had to come up downwind to get the drop on it, let me tell ya'.\"","underrated comment","Tough to hit what cannot be seen.","I totally thought this was a jpeg photo at first","That was a terrible shot. ","They all fucking took off when I clicked on the screen!! Haha","Someone was shooting downhill and didn't correct for the changed trajectory.","They all ran the same way.","Reminds me of my perils in Oregon Trail :(","o_o ......... O_o Ohhhhh","Holy shit. I \"thought\" I saw one animal prior to them taking off. Possibly a dog. ","Shooting at a rock? Or a terrible aim?","That was a terrible shot.","Anyone else see zerglings?","RIP Mufasa","When there's a girl on reddit...","Damn, looks like rock soup tonite.","Did the hunter miss?!?! There were more caribou than ground. How?!","I could see several and was half-expecting it. But the sheer number of them got me by surprise.","[deleted]","You didn't know they were there, don't try to act like you did. ","[deleted]","I believe you. After waiting a few seconds for something to happen I looked closer and was like \"Hey is that an animal sititng there?\". Didn't expect so many. But they aren't so well hidden you wouldn't notice them if you where paying attention. I could also see how you wouldn't notice them if you weren't looking for them too."],["T:Are you interested in learning about our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ?\n\nM:You know actually I am.\n\nT:Then come here and learn you bitch...\n\nM: Oh, ummmm....\n\n\nedit: Well I'm glad I'm not the only one to drop out of Sunday school...","T: You're going to Hell forever unless you mentally think \"come into my heart, Jesus.\"\n\nM: What if I don't think there's sufficient evidence to believe any of that?\n\nT: Then he'll torture you forever and ever for all eternity.\n\nM: Why the fuck would he do that?\n\nT: Because he loves you.","Knock knock!\n\nWho's there?\n\nJesus, let me in!\n\nJesus who? And why should I let you in?\n\nJesus your God, let me in to keep me from burning you forever and ever...\n\nUmm.... I'm calling the cops creep. ","The Christian perspective is that Hell is the result of a sinful life, not a punishment for not accepting God. Anyway, not trying to start an argument here, check out this [page](http://www.gotquestions.org/eternal-hell-fair.html) for more info. ","&gt; The Christian perspective is that Hell is the result of a sinful life, not a punishment for not accepting God.\n\nIs atheism a sin?","If you follow the ten commandments, one of them is pretty clear about forsaking the name of the lord or something like that. As well there is one about not taking up false idols. Atheists who \"worship\" other things such as money and power and such, in a roundabout way, could be considered a sin. Yes.\n\nThe Christians who got it right are the ones who realize the point of a concept of sin: we are sinful in everything we do, because we are human, and we have free will, which means inevitably we will all sin and sin again.\n\nOr something. I dunno. I stopped going to church a long time ago, but the Bible has some pretty cool books in it that are written masterfully, if you really look at it objectively.","\"Using the Lord's name in vain\" is referring to blasphemy, and the worship of idols is also in the 10 commandments, but one can argue what worship is very easily.","oh yea, many years of sunday school taught me a lot of ways that things can be skewed just a bit :-p\n","There's more than just 10 commandments. .","Well, if you believe unbelief in a deity is a sin, then my short dialog is exactly right. It's especially egregious to punish an honest belief of the brain, a mental state arrived at through inquiry.","I don't personally believe unbelief is a sin. I think if there could ever be such a being that is anything close to Jesus that ever existed, he would have wanted us to ask questions and explore the world he gave us. I never really understood the \"contemporary\" portrayal of Jesus/God to be a wrathful one, or a narcissitic one.\n\nThe core message of the new testament, to me, is one that preaches acceptance and cautionary thought. I don't believe life was gifted to us so we would spend it in a temple worshiping the Lord. I think a lot of those concepts were invented by man to shape behavior long ago, hence why most of that stuff is in the old testament.\n\nI believe that we are all here to just enjoy the ride, man. And Jesus was just saying, like, be good and be good to each other, because man, it's a drag when you waste your time punishing those who you think are wrong, and so on. Jesus' sacrifice isn't a \"get out of jail free\" card for sinners, it's supposed to be a wakeup call... Like, \"HEY! Chill out and enjoy what you have, because look how BAD it can get.\"\n\nBut that's just me. I would identify as an agnostic over anything. Most atheists I know seem to really feed off of having to be right about everything. But then again, so do most Christians I know. So it goes.","Everyone is born with original sin, so everyone not a Christian is unredeemed. It's just bullshit; they're making up a problem that only they can solve.","No it's not. The point is that you cannot *not* do sin in your everyday life. Then, with differing requirements in different branches of Christianity, you can be brought to heaven or left to the abyss or hell or whatever, which again depends on your preferred choice of religion.\n\nPersonally, I'd go for protestant branches (most if not all I think) that only require for you to ask for forgiveness (even with your dying breath, if you actually believe it) for you to go into heaven, the alternative being just an eternity of nothingness.","That seems like semantics. It's still a punishment that it exists. My God would never even allow this eternal damnation as a possibility. ","Once had a lady tell me I'm going to hell because I don't believe in Jesus. I really didn't know what to say.","Your going to a place you don't believe in because you don't believe in it.","T: You're going to Hell forever unless you mentally think \"come into my heart, Jesus.\"\n\nM: What if I don't think there's sufficient evidence to believe any of that?\n\nT: Then he'll torture you forever and ever for all eternity.\n\nM: Why the fuck would he do that?\n\nT: Because he loves you, bitch","T: You're going to Hell forever unless you mentally think \"come into my heart, Jesus.\"\n\nM: What if I don't think there's sufficient evidence to believe any of that?\n\nT: Then he'll torture you forever and ever for all eternity.\n\nM: Why the fuck would he do that?\n\nT: Because he loves you, bitch.","yup, makes sense to me. \n\n/s","TLDR; I overreacted a lot at the miniature religious conflict in the comments. Anyways here is a unwarranted rant asking the redditors here to respect other people's beliefs and not be jerks.\n\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nIt pains me to see the infamous atheism v. religion conflict break out here in the comments over such silliness. Why should we berate and belittle our fellows if their beliefs differ from ours? For self-validation at the expense of others? While this post is mainly directed at those who have posted hateful comments, I would like to ask all here to be more tolerant, respectful, and understanding of others' beliefs.\n\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nBefore I continue, you should know that I AM a christian, and such my view will be biased in that way and christian morality and tenets (or at least my version of it) will seep into this post. Additionally, will not be able to meaningfully discuss other religions within this post. However, I will try my best to remain objective. Afterall, it is not only the nonreligious I am writing to, but also my brothers in Christ.\n\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nAs a christian I must say proselyting, at it's most basic level, is a righteous action, if awkward. But there is no reason to go on a crusade! Aggressive Defensiveness and disdain towards the nonreligious is unwarranted, even when Christianity is under attack. At the end, it is up to the individual to decide what he or she beliefs in and whether or not to accept God; we may be able to convince them in one direction but we cannot force them. It is their choice alone to make. Christianity's tenets call for love and respect of neighbors, thus, we should act as Christians. It proves much better for proselyting.\n\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nTo the nonreligious and atheists; some posts here have been very aggressive towards religious values. Is it necessary to prove that God is fake? Does atheism, like Christianity, require people to be converted to it's cause for their own good? People find solstice in religion; the hope that life for them and their love ones will extend past death, the comfort of a heavenly hand guiding them through turbulent times, the peace that comes from believing that humanity is not just another blip in the universe, that their lives are not meaningless, but rather that they have a important place within the world given to them by the loving deity who had placed them into existence. Why rob this amenity from them by arousing doubt, or risk their zeal by insulting them?\n\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nI would like to point out that it is impossible to disprove or prove the extensive of a God (or gods.) Man cannot, especially the modern man, explore and fully comprehend all existence and anything else that might also exist. If a deity initiated the start of this universe, then retreated to another universe - a universe inaccessible in all ways to mankind - immediately afterward and did nothing these billions of years, could we prove the god's existence? Absolutely not. However, it would be incorrect to say that the god does not exist. Thus, while religions certainly make more assumptions, both Christianity and atheism are faiths; based on things that can not be concretely proven. Until the end times proves otherwise, only the righteous will be \"right.\"\n\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nI cannot fathom that a loving God could condemn anyone to eternal torture and death, even though as sinners we deserve it. It is my biggest doubt in Christianity. I desperately hope that God will draw all to him and save all of us during the end times, and the lake of fire a scare tactic merely to get us on the Christian path early. I ask you, please do not give God reason to condemn anyone. You can debate for your side, but do not be hateful. Respect others beliefs, be tolerant, and, for the love of God, love thy neighbor. ","If you donate 5$ to spacex I will permenantly not give a shit about your beliefs.","Atheism is not a faith system.  It's not believing in any deity. \n\n And while  it us impossible  to disprove the existence of a God (arguably,  since we can use the same logic and attribute it to any mythical being)  it can be quite easy to disprove the existence of the god/s proposed in the various Holy books that exist today.  \n","Some atheists seriously get their knickers in a knot when you describe atheism as a belief system that there is no god.","It's like kids arguing about whether black is a colour.","T: man is selfish and greedy so he is unable to enter a place of absolute holiness without being made holy through the sacrifice of Christ.\n\nM: what if I don't think there's sufficient evidence to believe any of that?\n\nT: since he loves you he has given you thousands of years of written testimony from dozens of sources, verbal testimony of changed lives, and the miracles he has performed as an incarnate man so that, hopefully, you will recognize your unholiness and ask him to make you holy so that you aren't cast out of his presence and into a place of evil void of anything good.\n\nM: why the fuck would he do that?\n\nT: because he loves you.","Everyone born before Jesus is going to Hell!🎤","\"Abraham trusted God and his faith was counted to him as righteousness.\"\n\nBoom. Saved.","But Abraham Lincoln was born after Jesus, stupid!","Good point.","So did the earlier Greco-Roman folk. They trusted their gods. They should be fine.","\"They were wrong so everyone is wrong\"?  Strong logic.","Who says they were wrong? You have no proof.\n\nUnfounded assumptions from yourself right there. ","\"‘No, don’t move,’ he added as Arthur began to uncurl himself, ‘you’d better be prepared for the jump into hyperspace. It’s unpleasantly like being drunk.’  \n‘What’s so unpleasant about being drunk?’  \n‘You ask a glass of water.’\"\n\nBoom. I like fiction novels too.","Wow reddit is pretty fedora today. Or am I in the wrong sub again? ","Honestly, what a bunch of assholes today","You have chosen to regard the bible as fiction.\n\nThat is your choice, you can't blame God.","I mean, you haven't demonstrated she exists so I'm not sure who we are supposed to blame here.","You can't blame a nonexistent being.","So how about the time they spent in hell until that happened?\n\nSt Peter's just sitting by the pearly gates offering conciliatory fist bumps on the way up like \"Hey, bro, we're cool right?\"","M: But that written testimony is all wrong and immoral.\n\nT: It is neither wrong nor immoral.\n\nM: There are two contradictory creation accounts. Gays should be killed for being gay. Raped women must marry their rapists. There was no worldwide flood. \n\nT: Those are just metaphors.","He said *sufficient* evidence.","I really want to give you gold, beautifully written","Is Jesus a necrophile or what, I'm fine with just coming on your beard, no need to come in your heart..","Who said he was referring to Jesus?","that's true fam","I was worried about flunking out of Sunday school as a kid. I slowly began to realize there was no work or homework there and treated it like a vacation.","&gt; woaw","Christopher Woawken","ask and ye shall recieve, sucka: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRrPmJ94UZo","It's LD","HE GOTTA USE IT SOON! HE WILL! WOOOAAAAAW!","Unbelievable! He's crazier than a road lizard!","[Woaw](https://youtu.be/KlLMlJ2tDkg)","good language please bud!","Hey guise, welcome to heebee games","? ","!","David?","Snake?","Praise the Lord and pass the ammunition!","[Tim Curry went to arkansas once](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8AvDDj8gqB8)","That actually looks like a really good movie! I've never heard of it before!","dat walk of life tune reference  :')","Ok, this looks awesome.","Damn, I think I'm going to cover that song with my band. Never heard it before. ","Where at","God is good but he is not.","Lmfao\n","Straight up not even trying to deny it and she's a cunt about it.","she?","Why not she? Have to assume its a dude?","In English, he is the preferred pronoun for an unknown gender. Alternatively, you can use the less formal, singular they. Using she implies that you know the gender. ","In my English class we were told to just pick one. Didn't matter which, just pick one be consistent","Actually I don't think that's true anymore. Used to be \"he or she\" and now it's just \"she.\" At least that's what a lot of my textbooks say. ","Women's Studies?","D&amp;D 3.X does a lot.","I see it a lot in my business classes and some economic research papers. Not saying it's the rule, but it definitely isn't incorrect to use \"she.\" ","Yall need Zoidberg!","Hooray! I'm relevant!","[amen.](http://i.imgur.com/8JDM6YB.gif)","Y not zoidburg?","A-fucking-men.","Made me think of [Jesse Pinkman.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h40mWG3JAMs)","He sounds kinda retarded in that clip","It's the scene where he's threatening the two meth-heads, so he's throwing a fit inside their wreck of a home."," Im sorry, I've never watched Breaking Bad. ","&lt;3 Jesse, he knew you know, life things","Amen, bitch!","Thou hypocrite.","Guess I better sub. ","Christians, this is how they roll. ","christianity in a nutshell","Typical religitard. ","How so? ","Well, I see logic isn't something you can process. You see, the religitard motto is generally something commonly paraphrased to may make them sound holy, devout, like a good person, but their actions tend to be extremely aggressive, dangerous, cruel. For example, all bike gangs will make a claim that they fight or ride for God, yet they whole point of a gang is violent control; Shootouts, drug pushing (specifically meth), etc. Then every single douchebag that wears stars and stripes and had that stupid giant F on their shitmobile, yeah they too like to claim good in the name of god but after their oakleys fall of the back of their head they're going to fight anything and anyone. This post, I mean I didn't think I had to reference it because it was pretty obvious but why not. Alla ackbar, then fires a missile to kill someone. I'm not saying they don't exist, but I've never seen or known a person of non faith to be so terribly violent. See I present this evidence as such because it's what can easily be found, this making it a common occurrence. Hypocrisy is huge in the church, just look at it. 98% of prisoners identify as religious, so that's got to count for something. ","You're over generalizing. Plus the /u/MumShagger was simply asking for your explanation, so outright attacking him was \"aggressive\". Which also makes you hypocritical. ","Hahaha, yeah, over simplifying. Yeah I'll remember that next time a religitard does something news worthy.","Did you just have a stroke?","Not only can he not form proper sentences, but he also tried throwing in a bunch of bigger words in his first text to sound smart. They make no sense with the context.","Nope. Forgot a single word and autocorrect changes words after I type them to a word it thinks I meant so it's often over looked. I can't find out how to turn that specific feature off. ","Calls people -tards, doesn't know how to turn autocorrect off. More edge than the Rockies. Special lil fella. &lt;3","Idiot. ","I said over generalizing.","...","How euphoric are you right now? ","Not. Why would I be euphoric? I don't give a shit about who is feeling good about a conversion or point made. What I care about is the fact religion just fucks things. ","In your opinion.","And helps things.","Helps? Like what?","Charity. Basically, that should be all I need to say, but religious groups devote more time, money, and labor than any secular group could ever hope to achieve.","Lol","/r/atheism is leaking. ","I don't sub to that, I don't need to. The entire point of being non theist is that there's no organization to a belief that doesn't exist. My hatred for a thing that causes pain and death and wreaks of hypocrisy is fully justified everything they strike again. I don't need arguments when proof is rampant. ","-***tipping intensifies***-","/r/atheism isn't nearly this bad anymore, and hasn't been for a long time. There are still circlejerks like /r/magicskyfairy that preserve what /r/atheism was in its dark days, but the \"/r/atheism is full of edgy people\" meme needs to die.","Relax man it's just a maymay. ","You need Jesus in your heart and rectum.  ","Haha. Well jee-zus or hey- sous?","allahu akbar","How is that /r/facepalm worthy? The fucks wrong with his site...","If it unrustles your jimmies at all, it didn't do nearly as well over there.","Not that unexpected unless you're talking about the guy mentioning the $80 that was kind of random. But other than that seems like an appropriate response\n\nEdit: Seems that that was the unexpected part. Guess it just didn't hit me as hard","Yeah I hate it when people bring up the shit I stole. ","[deleted]","Woaw","God is good*\n\n*except when he said thou shall not steal, fuck that","Found the guy who always \"borrows\" money from his friends and never pays them back ","Those people have no integrity and are not friends","Come get it then ","Bitch","waow","*woaw","&gt; not that unexpected unless you count the thing that was unexpected","No, that \"thing\" you're referring to isn't the point of the post, it's the reply to it. So duh, it's not unexpected. But that other part was. \n\nIt's like two situations can happen at once, how unheard of? /s","Seems like you're the only one who got the 'point' while the rest of us are hopelessly lost.","I figure the dude freaking out saying to fuck off after just professing God is good was the unexpected \"point,\"\n\nBut I was wrong it's just a shitty post","Love you too, bro!","If you love us so much I need my $80 back you stole.","Come get it, bitch!","This is the type of mentality of people who borrow from life and don't expect to give anything back. ","When life gives you lemons, don't return them"],["You know what they say. If you can't handle the heat, don't light yourself on fire","This right here...this is why chemistry teachers should also know physics.","Found a video source:\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iuh6OxttPZs","I love the \"ta-da\" he does at the end. Like it was supposed to end with his shirt off.","it was all an excuse!\n","damn, the gif was a touch too short. The video make this guy look a tad less idiotic.","The gif definitely cuts it off too short! Doesn't show him pulling off his shirt and acting like a boss haha","[deleted]","can anyone tell me what he was trying to do?","not set himself on fire.","&gt; ~~not~~ set himself on fire.\n\nmission accomplished.","Those that can, do. Those that can't, teach. Those that can't teach, teach P.E.","I think he was trying to throw the rest of whatever is in that vial into the air in front of him and have a big ball of fire for a second. But in the wind up he tilted it too much and it got on him when he tried to throw it ","Pretty much pouring it down his back instead.  ","Science.","Demonstrate poor petrol bomb etiquette","probably light the smoke on fire: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cPJLw7Xkmzk","Looks like this teacher is feeling the bern","Calm down lets not all run to the fire extinguisher in the corner at the same time and help the poor guy","Jesus Christ, the ***one*** time \"stop, drop and roll\" is actually needed, and he forgets.","If this had to be made into a gif, you know something had to go wrong.","Missed the best part at the end ","What's the point of learning \"stop, drop and roll\" if nobody ever does it when they're on fire? According to this guy, it should just be \"stop and get naked.\"","this was a chemical fire, i don't think regular fire procedures would apply, he'd need to use the shower that's in most science classrooms ","Sorta underscores the saying \"those who can do science, do science, those who cannot do science...teach.\"","Quite a Gandalf this teacher","Chemistry is the study of matter, but I prefer to see it as the study of change.","reminds me of the first time I showed the class my mixtape","Sure it isn't a physics class? That's an excellent demonstration of inertia.\n","I kind of expected something to burst into flames when I saw the small fire.","r/gifsthatendtoosoon","This girl is on fire."]],"thedivision":[]}
