{"books":[["So like, a library.","Except for a fee.","So, worse than a library ","By the time I'd get half way through it would get taken off. And a shitty book would take its place. ","Also, no streaming.\n\nEDIT: If it wasn't already clear i was talking about this service, not libraries.","Actually libraries have streaming for e-books already.","And we rent movies, CDs, have 3D printers for use for the public. \n\nIt's for a fee too though, they're called taxes. ","Unlike libraries, however, this service is for an additional, voluntary fee. Libraries can be simply defined as being free because most people only consider their gross income; i.e. money they can spend through their own volition.\n\nThis service will be paid for through one's disposable income, not the income one doesn't see nor control. \n\nEdit: also, those who do not pay income or property taxes are still allowed to use public libraries- like students or children. And many libraries even have programs for the homeless to allow them to read books. ","They allow homeless people to read books?  What kind of liberal paradise do you live in?","Is this not a widespread thing? I'm from LA and I see homeless folk reading in libraries all the time.","Usually not a special program for the homeless. They just treat homeless people like real people (which they are) and don't deny them access because of their condition.","AFAIK public libraries allow anyone entrance. I was referring to membership and allowing one to be given a card and the ability to borrow materials without having any property or method of contact.","They need to keep their damn government hands off our public institutions!","Overdrive is awesome. Free books and never have to go to library.","I use overdrive and Hoopla.","My only problem with Overdrive is that there are limited copies that can be borrowed (licenses). Can you imagine if on Netflix it just told you, \"No, sorry. Someone else is already watching that. Come back later.\"","Isn't that exactly like going to a library to check out a book only to find that all the copies have been checked out?","Yeah but ebooks can be copied indefinitely, physical books cannot, so the number of licenses is an artifical construct, rather than an aspect of the physical world. ","My district has streamable movies. It's in its very early stages and the selection isn't great yet, but we have it. We also have digital magazines, ebooks, audiobooks. ","More like:  \n  * First several years - up and coming system with a nice selection of content  \n  * Next several years - lots of super content at a great price  \n  * Next several years - lots of the good content removed and replaced with pulp romance novels   \n  * Final iteration - remainder of good content removed and they start producing their own pulp romance novels  \n","much worse, little do people know that the library is also a kick ass place to rent free movies and sometimes video games.","My library has videos games for almost every system ","My literal childhood dream has come true","the fuck kind of library you have?","My library has a full on movie theater. ","My library has an escort service.","You don't have to leave your house! Bliss! ","Many libraries already have online checkout of e-books.","Just wish my library bought more than one copy of the damn ebooks :\\","Have you checked the membership policies of other libraries near you? For example, a lot of California libraries give cards to any California resident. If one library doesn't have an available copy of an ebook, I just check another.","The last time I checked, most of the libraries here required residency at the county level, unfortunately. I can however share accounts of relatives that live other places, so that's kinda nice.","I believe Michigan just has one pool for everyone in the state. Don't know how common that is.\n\nThere is a separate comic book site that always has everything available but limits the number of titles you read for the month.","Not to mention Amazon Kindle Unlimited that's practically the Spotify for ebooks and audiobooks and works on any device.","Sounds like a Gaffigan joke","Depends on where you live. Libraries have a fee here (Netherlands).","Finally I can hate on the Netherlands! All aboard!","Netherlands has a dog tax. Hate away.","Dunno about you. I have lived in 3 cities and I am not able to half of what I want in any of those libraries. If a new book come out I really want to check out, I get put on a huge waiting list. I end up buying it on amazon anyways. Not all libraries are created equal.","So, like, a Kindle?","Kindle unlimited.","Whassat?","It's like a Netflix, for books","Except mostly terrible books. So, I guess yeah, sorta like Netflix.\n\nA terrible book is harder to read than a a terrible movie is to watch.","Agreed. But Netflix isn't so terrible...","Ah, I see.","Woah dude","So like an Amazon.","Isn't this Kindle Unlimited?  All you can read of books that might've been big in the past or relatively unknown.\n\nBasically, Netflix's model for video.","Yes, it is exactly kindle unlimited. The only hard part about it is getting publishers to sign on. Amazon is big enough to get Harry Potter and the hunger games on unlimited, but anyone trying to compete might not be able to.","I pay fees to two librarys, I get access to e and audio books plus periodicals and video. I'm a trucker and its much less expensive than any alternative such as Audible. My local library is very small and had no digital resources. Share it with my family so it's very economical \n","So like, a library.","Your library charges a fee?","No library I've heard of charges a fee. Some have restrictions on who can get a card (must live in area; must attend that University; must have not been banned from any other library for public indecency, etc) but none I've seen charge a fee for application.","&gt; must have not been banned from any other library for public indecency\n\nInteresting you should know this...","Homeless people masturbating to porn on library computers comes up more often than one would think ","Used to run a Writing Center in a university library that was a public library during the day--can completely freaking confirm. ","Care to elaborate?","Well, it was in an urban University so there were lots of homeless people around, but they weren't the only masturbators. One of the janitors would wander through the hundreds of computers right outside the center door and occassionally start screaming \"Porno watcher!\" over and over again when he caught somebody watching porn. That was like once a week. We had a list of emergency numbers that included \"For clean bathrooms call...\" because it was so common for people to shit on the floor as well as \"For porn call .....\" and \"For wanking call....\"\n\nThe admin assistant was always mad at me for having them listed that way, lol.\n\nBut anyway, campus police had several different levels of emergency line. Somebody watching porn went to the non-emergency line, but somebody actually wanking in public went to a sort of medium emergency line where they'd at least look at the cameras to gather evidence and probably show up. There was also a second line under there for maintenance to send somebody out to clean. I personally placed those calls about once a month, but lots of different people worked there and had to *also* make those calls....","My library served as the daytime hangout for smelly old guys who didn't read from the homeless shelter around the corner. ","My library gives a card for free, but if you pay a small fee you can get a souped up card that gets you into tonnes of local historic places and tourist attractions for free or half off. Definitely worth the £3 a year.","This is a really cool perk they offer!  Wish my town had something similar.","Mine has free family passes to various museums in my city, on a first-come first-serve basis. It's not well known, and yours may offer something similar if you inquire.","I have to pay € 5 a year. (Free until you're 18)","Okay, all of you making light of the fact that this is just a library, please note that this is in India. When I went to India as a kid, the only libraries we ever saw were on college campuses, and the selection of books that weren't textbooks was very meager. I highly doubt any of them had an Overdrive selection. \n\nFinding books to read was extremely frustrating. It's not like all of my family lived in tiny villages, but reasonably large towns still didn't have much in the way of bookstores at the time. You could buy secondhand books from vendors along the street, or from the bookstall at the train station (actually one of the best places) or from bookstores, if you could find one that had something other than textbooks. I used to get excited when we visited cousins in big cities because that was the only place I could go to Higginbotham's and actually find a decent selection of (English) books.\n\nAnd I can certainly understand the desire to be able to read privately, without announcing your book selections to the world. I don't live there, so I don't know what Amazon's selection of digital books looks like. Are all the same English books available? What does the selection of Hindi, Bengali, Tamil, Telugu, Punjabi, Malayalam, Gujarati, Marati, Kannada, etc. books look like? \n\nLet's consider that maybe this is actually filling a need there, even if it isn't needed out here in the West?","Exactly right!  \n\nReading for pleasure used to be unheard of among school age kids in India. Indian parents would consider anything not directly related to education / future career a waste of time, especially as school got increasingly competitive. Anything that was not non-fiction or a reference book would be considered \"storybooks\".\n\nWhen I was younger, I used to visit India for a few weeks at a time in the summers. Back then, you always had to be prepared to occupy yourself if the power went out. Any books I might want to read had to be brought with me.\n\nIt's really good to see this changing. Services like this will affect the middle class in ways that you might not expect.  ","Yes! And there isn't really any equivalent of chapter books/middle grade books for kids at all, at least in Telugu. There's certainly no YA. As a kid, you're either reading a textbook, a children's picture book, an adults' book, or maybe a book written for less literate adults (i.e., simple language with adult themes). Maybe you get some magazines with short stories more aimed at you, but that's it.\n\nIt's reflective of the lack of a \"teenage\" culture, which I honestly kind of like, but I think kids of that age could still benefit from longer form stories that address some of the issues they have to deal with at the child-to-adult transition.","They had comics back in the day. The best part was in the back they'd have these either religious or \"life lessons\" sections. I remember reading one about the importance of drinking water with a meal. Apparently, not drinking water when eating was previously\n a huge problem for Indian children. Thank god that comic came out or they'd all be dead. ","Not sure why this isn't the top comment. Finding good books to read while growing up in India was always a challenge. Had to ask relatives who lived abroad to bring back books for me and I was never sure whether they were to my liking until it was too late. A service like this would be incredibly welcome. Have my upvote :)","Probably because most Westerners didn't immediately realise that free (or even nominal fee) libraries are apparently very rare in India. \n\nI mean, I know my first thought was \"Library?\" until I noticed the URL referenced.","Thank you for bringing this up. I'm sorry a snarky-ass set of comments, including my own, is overshadowing a real issue. /sincere","It's not anything like either Netflix or a library.  It's just an app that sends you an erotica story once a day.  So not exactly \"filling a need\" in regards to literary access.  I feel like this whole post/thread has exploded because no one is reading what this is actually about. It's not that exciting.","&gt; there's a range of reading on the app, including short works of non-fiction, long serialized forms, and a set of short stories that you can buy one of.\n\nIt's more like a periodical containing short stories and serialized books. This is a very common format in India (perhaps even the most common style of reading material for the general populace), and now it's in digital format with the added option of some longer books. The privacy afforded by the format allows for erotica as well, but that's not the primary purpose, just one of the hooks to get people to buy into the app.\n\nI'm hoping it's a case of \"start with what people are familiar with, then expand\".","This already exists.  Like, all over the place.  I'm happy for them for recognizing a trend, but I resent how they are framing it as being so groundbreaking.  The whole thing strikes me as a marketing blitz, and I think the title is incredibly misleading.","Sure. But she probably has enough clout to get some good authors and advertise enough to get people to actually use it and start reading. And they're trying to extend it internationally too, to reach the diaspora, which I think is cool.","Context always brings clarity.","You can also get DVDs at the library. So Netflix is also like, a library. ","This is always the top comment on things like this.\n\nBut I'm all, don't care, would totally sign up for a completely electronic library.\n\nMy small town doesn't have a public library, and the ones in the next city are 45 min to an hour away. They also charge money for non-residents to sign up for a membership, so while I'm planning on signing up soon (fingers crossed their Overdrive support is good and that Overdrive is as good as I've heard it is...) it's basically no different than a \"Netflix for books\" -- like what Oyster was supposed to be -- and probably will be worse than a dedicated service for that would be.","You can check the overdrive website for specific title availability even if you don't have an account. You can also browse the overdrive of any library without having an account, [for example](http://llc.lib.overdrive.com/E2664EE1-E2E8-497C-9988-B1334AA47CEC/10/50/en/Default.htm).","The bonus would be if unlimited users could read the same title at once, just like anyone watching shows on Netflix anytime.  But I suspect this is a rights-management issue from publishers rather than a technological piece.","Correct, Overdrive and similar services sell access by circulation per agreements with publishers. When our number of circs runs out they notify us so we can choose to \"buy\" more copies.\n\nSource: work at the library","And the licenses run like $70 because they have a monopoly pretty much. And when titles expire, they make it a pain in the ass to weed them where it's just easier to renew everything thus making them more money. \n\n","A non-resident charge is pretty standard for most American public libraries. You don't live in whatever their designated service area is (typically city or county limits), so your taxes aren't supporting the library. The yearly fee makes up for that.","Townships usually.  Half my city can use the local library for free and the other half has to pay because they voted to not pay the township level taxes for the library. They get reeeeeeal pissed off about that when I tell them it's now $50 a year to join. ","Well I'm just talking for Texas but here you can get a special card that allows you to use the libraries all over Texas as if you had a membership there (free). I always thought it was like that in other states.","This sucks. Does your county or state have any sort of library services?","Just a heads up, most vendors like overdrive won't let out of county/township account access ebooks. So check into that before you pay your yearly subscription to the library if that's your main reason for signing up.","Except libraries in India are much different than libraries in west. So no, its not like an *Indian Library.*","Except India doesn't have that many libraries; I think given her big name in publishing it could do well.  I mean this isn't meant to be used in the US so it's tough for me to make a judgement but I'm sure she's not stupid.  There's probably a possibility of it working for her to pursue it.","I would love to see something like a Pandora for audio books. I would probably pay for a service like that if I weren't dirt-poor. If we're just talking about E-Books here though, then I'm not particularly interested either way.","So like...Audible? Pay like $20/mo, that gets you one audiobook credit a month, and access to their entire library at discounted prices. ","Kindle unlimited has a service that's crazy good. You get unlimited audio books and unlimited regular books for 10$ a month with no limit to how many you can read or listen too. The catch is there aren't a lot of super recent or popular titles but that doesn't mean there are terrible books. I have a subscriptions and get a free book on too of that every month which is mine to keep. Plus recommendations and discounts for purchasing audio books or ebooks is nice too.","I'm suprised I had to scroll this far to find a comment about Kindle unlimited.  Great service for people who read alot.  ","From what I've heard and read about Kindle Unlimited, it's a ripoff service designed to push their in-house publishing, and that's why books I'd give a damn about are hard to find on there. Plus you'd have to read a lot to make $10/month worth it, considering how cheap many Kindle books already are.","&gt;considering how cheap many Kindle books already are.\n\nwait what? most kindle books seem to be ~$10?","That feels so expensive. I'm a cheap ass though. So maybe I'm wrong.","As others have stated I think the price I quoted is more around the \"two book a month\" plan, the single book plan is a bit cheaper.\n\nIt is a bit pricey, but considering that most audiobooks of average length are around $40+ it's not too bad *if you were going to buy audiobooks anyway*. \n\nIt's worth it to me because I listen to them at work while doing mindless data entry and it's basically the only way I ever get to \"read\" books. ","$20 is closer to the 2 credit plan. Pandora is free.","That's what I do. I listen to them only when I drive and usually get through them one per month so it works out great.","Audible seems like such a shitty deal.","When Netflix started, people probably said, \"**So like, Blockbuster.**\"","Netflix was different from blockbuster as they mailed the movies to your house and didn't charge any late fees. So it added convenience and removed something people hated. \n\nThis just seems like a much more limited version of Kindle Unlimited or Overdrive. The only added feature is that they deliver a story daily at 10pm. That could be fun, but it isn't really revolutionary nor a netflix for books. \n\n","Unless you live in India, the market this service was created for. Kinda crazy how few people actually read the article - it fills a huge need for accessible reading in a big developing country.","Except Blockbuster didn't have an online service.  Libraries do.  And BB was a private for profit entity.  [Public] Libraries aren't.","This is what I'm thinking. I can't believe how many people are poorly educated about their local libraries. So many libraries offer online book rentals, and Amazon offers them as well. It's basically the same thing! ","&gt; Except Blockbuster didn't have an online service. Libraries do.\n\nNot all of them do.\n\nBefore posting that kind of comment, it would be wise of you to think about the world. The **ENTIRE** world, in which things work differently in different places.","Netflix mailed and then streamed.\n\nTotally different business model.","Difference would be that Blockbuster cost money, Library are free? ","Not the same, at all. ","Let's Bookflix and chill","Hey! Libraries offer movies too!","[deleted]","So this is just *Kindle Unlimited* ~~Amazon Prime~~: over 1 million titles and thousands\nof audiobooks, $9.99 a month.","Libraries are free, and they have audiobooks too.","And ebooks. I have an app called overdrive that allows me to rent ebooks and audiobooks from my library directly from my phone or tablet or computer. I just log in with my credentials.  \n\nI have another app that lets me rent free magazines. \n\nEdit 3: thanks for the hoopla suggestions, I just got it. Movies as well as audio books, ebooks, music, etc. \n\nEdit 2: magazine app is Zinio\n\nEdit:  i don't have the magazine app in front of me but all the info was on my local library's website so check yours if you want to know more. It's irrelevant if your library doesn't offer it so find out if they do and they should have download links to the apps. The apps only serve as a way to access content, you don't sign up through them. ","I love Overdrive. I used kindle unlimited for a few months, but it was mostly shit. Overdrive has way more options and is free.","If something like Kindle Unlimited or this \"Netflix for books\" really takes off, couldn't Overdrive just transition to a fee-service. They already have a huge library of options tied to a bunch of libraries. Would hate for that to happen. I don't know enough about Overdrive's model to know if this is a serious concern, but it seems like a consideration if others in the market start making a lot of money with fee services.","It is a fee service. The libraries pay a lot of money to license the books.","My library also has access to Hoopla which gives you the content immediately, no holds or waits. I can check out 8 titles (movies, music, comics, ebooks, audiobooks) in this.","And so many good comics are on Hoopla! Saga, Rat Queens, The Walking Dead, Dungeons &amp; Dragons, not to mention all the standard superheroes. ","Can you use a Kindle with library ebooks though?\nEDIT: thanks for the answers, guys. i'm gonna look into ebooks at my library.","Yes. Overdrive-Amazon integration is pretty smooth. ","Hoopla is available for Kindle. ","I think you can in the US. You can't in Canada though ","Yeah. I use overdrive and when you check out a book, you get the option to download it as an ePub or a kindle book.","Yep. ","I don't know, maybe the fire tablet but I don't have a kindle so I never tried. ","They often require me to leave the apartment though. ","Amazon prime doesn't include audio books in the $10 a month. ","DOESNT EXIST IN CANADA","Kindle Unlimited came to Canada last year. The selection isn't particularly good, but there you go.","Yeah I just searched all the books on my to-read list. None are on there. No thanks Amazon. Their daily deals are shite too. ","Book rental places existed way before Netflix. That's where they got the idea to send out DVDs through the mail. ","Like Scribd?\n","Exactly my first thought. They'll pull a Scribd: promote it as \"Netflix for books\", gather press and followers, boast how they're the only ones allowing \"unlimited reads\", then finally reveal their true limited plan (3 books per month, token-based system in which you don't get tokens even if you're paying regularily, unless you've used up the previous ones, which is horrible), deal with the backlash and generally lose all steam.\n\nA \"Netflix for books\" will never be viable in the long term, until publishing houses accept a different licensing model. Romance and YA novel readers kill all these initiatives by the sheer amount of titles they consume each week, as services as Scribd still pay a per-book licensing fee to the publishers. ","I was so mad when Scribd pulled that shit. I immediately quit and let them know if they wanted to be Audible, I'd go to Audible (and admittedly I said some other nasty things). I went to Kindle Unlimited though because it's more like old Scribd and audio books are my drug of choice to get through the work day so it's more cost effective for me.","Wait, what happened to Scribd?\n\nI used to be a user but I had to quit due to budgetary constraints, did they drastically change their model? (10$/month, all you can read/hear)","Yup. Now they use a token/credit system or something crappy like Audible. Not good for the high quantity consumer like me and didn't seem worth it based on their selection of books anyways. Kindle Unlimited is pretty much the same as old Scribd and costs about the same. I'm still on the lookout for something better, but for now Kindle Unlimited is ok.","No one will ever be able to have a truly sustainable unlimited reads service so long as the big 5 publishers have a stranglehold on the industry.\n\nThey simply won't license their content in a scalable fashion.  Perhaps you can load up on the cheapest content, but then you get a shitty selection.\nI think the reason every single unlimited read service has failed is because there are too few publishers and they are married to an outdated business model (pay per read).  Until they are broken, Netflix for books is a pipe dream.","I agree, fully, with everything you've said.\n\nWhich makes me even more pissed off at services like Scribd: I mean, they have a sizeable team and spent quite a bit on marketing, they're not particularly new either - they were around for a while (though in a different segment, they actually made a small fortune on document sharing and hosting pirated books and the likes), and they still didn't know that was going to happen? Part of me thinks they knew what they were getting into, but had absolutely no exit strategy outside of \"we'll deal with the backlash somehow, now let's just say stuff to get people subscribed.\"\n\nBeing more consumer-friendly would be a nice thing, too. Token limits (which means losing new ones if they stack up, even if you're continuously paying for the service), separate tokens for audiobooks and books, blocking out books you've already read, extremely restrictive DRM that only allows their internal reader/player to handle the service, which breaks more often than anyone would like to admit (and is pretty much inaccessible on selected devices), pretending their \"free\" selection is anything to boast about, shutting down some customer discussions that didn't go their way... \n\nThey're pretty bad at this \"reputation in the age of the Internet\" thing, even if the actual answer DOES lay on the publishers side (which basically comes down to *\"no Netlix for books for y'all\"*).","Alright, am I missing something?  Other than having the component of getting a daily story on your device (basically serialization), it just sounds like a publishing start-up with an app.  All publishers use technology.  All publishers do digital along with print.  I don't see how it would be compared to Netflix or Amazon, and I don't see what's especially innovative.  And I had to google to figure out what exactly the article is even talking about.\n\nedit: [Better article](http://www.forbes.com/sites/abehal/2016/04/22/new-publishing-platform-juggernaut-rolls-out-with-15-cent-books-on-your-mobile-device/#3cedc89945c1).  I guess the model is that it's an app, and you pay either daily or monthly to read a small selection of content on it.  I suppose it hasn't been done *exactly* that way before, but lots of publishers and platforms have content apps.  It seems their flagship author (Sunny Leone) is a big celebrity in India, which better explains the attention.","When you have a potential market of a billion people, sometimes it's worth just throwing the dice and hoping you get lucky. \n\nYou strike a chord with a demographic to become the flavor of the month you could potentially make a lot of short term income. ","My local library does this thing where you can borrow a Kindle book for x days, and when that's done the book disappears from your Kindle library. You download it right thru Amazon, so it's officially endorsed and enforced. So yeah this can work, but I think amazon themselves already have a monthly reading plan. ","How about a Netflix for textbooks","They have that, it only costs $600-1500 a semester and you'll never look at 2/3 of them. ","this is why it's a moral obligation to pirate textbooks.  it's not just not wrong to do it; it's wrong to not do it!","Textbooks are a total log-rolling racket.","Safari Books Online is really good. I get free access as part of my job, although having used it I probably would pay the monthly subscription even if it is $20+ a month. I'm using it to brush up on R and SAS for work, and reading up on C# and game dev in my own time. It seems more for IT and business related books.","Really hate headlines that do the whole \"Netflix of...\" thing. It's just lazy writing.","Hey, you could even organize the books according to author, and index the collection to be accessed by a search engine, separate the books according to genre, and formulate a membership structure. I'd call it a Librarium.","There's really no need for this when we have Overdrive. You can use your local library account to borrow ebooks and audio books. You can add multiple libraries so you have a greater selection. And it's free. ","Well, *you* have Overdrive. It's not available everywhere. ","For third world countries, like mine, with crappy libraries it sounds like a good idea. I think Kindle unlimited sounds like a better deal. ","where are you from, if I may ask","Mexico, why do you ask fool? ","I'm from Germany, Berlin. There are only 2 overdrive results and no results at all if I search for ebooks with \"programming\"","It would actually be better off to start a non-profit rather than a crappy tech-startup to solve this problem. Oh right, there are already hundreds of those. Have you looked into how you can help the local book donation programs?","Not all libraries have Overdrive. But I agree. The idea of \"streaming\" content and ebooks/audiobooks is becoming much more popular, so I'd expect even the few libraries without Overdrive (or a similar service) will implement something like it soon.","One thing about library apps, was that I could never get the books I want, since they have limited copies of newer books.","I had never heard of this before. Turns out that my local library uses Overdrive as well. Will try it out right away! Thanks for the tip!","So... does India not have Google or Amazon?","It's an TOI Sunday special article. The whole TOI TEAM gets extra stupid on Sundays. \n\nNo one should read ther articles. \n\nAlso I live in Bangalore and everyday every newspaper dedicates at least 1 page to startups in the city. Some make it, most don't. ","We have. Times of India is like Fox news of USA. They cite stupidity, oversell shit and cover tits.\n\n\ntl;dr don't read TOI articles.","Of course, this makes sense right? -_- \n\n&gt; The idea is - Can the physical and digital talk to each other? Can I take the knowledge of who is going to buy our books on the phone and sell them other books?\n\nWhat was she even saying? And why is this a thing? Terribly confused. ","I get it libraries are awesome ... in some places. \n\nIn many places, libraries are dismal, where they even exist. For many people, this might be a useful service.\n\nAnd yeah, it's a lot like Amazon, but I'd rather see more competition in the market.","We already have a Netflix for books, it's called a library.","That doesn't sound very netflixy. More like Amazon, with their 1.99 episodes and such.","I've been waiting for someone to come up with an Amazon for books!","Man, I would not enter this market. It's already owned by Google and Amazon.","Like the library?","I feel like this belongs in a Silicon Valley episode. ","It's pure ROI.","Oyster tried and died.","That is what Oyster does and I don't know a single person that uses it. ","There was a book version of Netflix called Oyster. Lasted a few months but eventually didn't make it... Bummer because they had A TON of good books. ","...That's called Kindle. ","Wouldn't you want the hard cover book in your hand? Like that's what I thought it meant. Like you can get books like the library or the dvd portion of Netflix. ","Hardcover is nice and all, but having a thousand books in my backpack on a device that's weighs less than a pound is nicer. ","Neat idea. Audible is more like Netflix though.","\"Crafted for mobile?\" What the fuck is pioneering in that, didn't iBooks and Google play and the Kindle app and a thousand other book readers already do this. I didn't even get what the founder was trying to say.","It needs a streaming service that has actors reading books to us like a bedtime story. Give me Patrick Stewart reading Shakespeare at me and I'll just write you a blank check. ","I think it's called Kindle.","It won't be easy","This.. already exists..","Library?","I wish they would make one for music too.\n\n\"Netflix but for  music\"","\"Juggernaut and chill\" just doesn't have the same ring to it tho","So like a Library? Or Kindle Unlimited? ","I want to take this opportunity to mention [Hoopla](https://www.hoopladigital.com/).\n\nIf you don't know what it is, it's a website/app that allows you access to ebooks, e-audiobooks, ecomics, music and movies for **FREE!** using your library card. You may have access to it already and not even know.\n\nEDIT: This applies to the US and Canada. Not sure about other countries.","isnt it called a library","We got that in denmark, Mofibo.dk Ebooks + audio books","There is already a Netflix for books. Multiple, actually. Oyster. Amazon Prime. Problem is they suck due to limited selection. Hope somebody can crack that part of it. I'd sign up. ","Oyster is s subscription book service too.","Thats what the Oyster app is for. ","Yeah, but they closed up shop. ","I'd call it Netflips","There already is such a thing in Poland and it's called [Legimi](www.legimi.com). You pay monthly fee and you have access to all books they have for sale. ","This existed. It was called Oyster. It didn't do well and was absorbed into Google. ","Oyster already did this (digital), no? Physical is a library.","Doesn't this already exist? has anyone been on Scribd? I had a subscription for a few months and quite liked it\n","This.  Though a lot of the time homeless folks come to libraries is to use the computers to find jobs and stuff.","Some libraries do charge fees, for out-of-district people who want to use it.  ","\"Use\" in this case means check out an item or in some cases use the computers/internet. Reading books on the shelf is free, or sometimes requires a photo id to enter for security reasons (mostly college libraries I've heard of doing this).","http://www.johnnywander.com/comic/a-netflix-for-books\n\nSeriously, though. It sounds neat, and accessible reading is always good.","Libraries are not free everywhere, especially not free in India.","Well... To be honest, this is either something people don't need or its something that's already being done in other ways. Just saying it's similar to Netflix isn't going to make people think it's as in demand as Netflix. ","Is this Oyster? I had Oyster.","Years ago I told my father, \"lets make a netflix for books\"\n\nand he said exactly that, \"you mean a library?\"","Yeah, it's called Kindle prime","Keep government out of the public sector!","I'm sure Berlin is in Germany not the other way around.","It is... Germany is a ... company which is located in Berlin","I'm not qualified to argue.","The library where I use to live also rented video games.  They had a pretty decent selection too.","Canada?","I have Overdrive in Saskatchewan pleb","I think you forgot to say you're sorry for insulting me, I was just making a joke, aye. ","Not every Canadian owes you an apology, check your American privilege and stop stereotyping ","Maybe but we haven't invaded your ass for maple syrup so you at least owe us a thanks. And you guys are like, *right there*. We could do it over the weekend. ","You're American too, Canada is part of North America, so is Mexico, as I'm sure you're aware. I'm not sure why we're the only ones called Americans. And don't Canadians have more privilege? ","I feel like you're not very good at sarcasm ","That wasn't sarcasm","I suck at returning loan books in time. I would probably pay more than $10 a month for late fees. Sadly kindle sub service not available in Finland. Libraries do have ebooks collections, but they are a bit limited.","Now that would be cool, a service that mailed books to your house so you didn't have to go to the library. I'd pay for that. Going to the library to my small local library isn't worth it considering the topic I want isn't usually there. ","Do you not even have private libraries that you can buy into?","Yeah, althought that's not pertienent to te discussion you can compare the purchasing power and the cost of the fee or the accesibility to those (mainly because of distance).","Any library worth its salt subscribe to online features such as databses or streaming services such as Overdrive (which other people in this thread have talked about in more detail than im willing to go into detail over). \n\nPrivate libraries can be utilized online so geography shouldnt be an issue. ","That sounds wonderful, can you give me some links? I thought almost all libraries were geographicaly blocked, like Netflix. ","now that I look at these databases, it seems like many of the collections are done through over drive. you can get overdrive yourself from [here](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/overdrive-library-ebooks-audiobooks/id366869252?mt=8)\n\nas for academic databases, that might take some more digging but I'm sure it will be something hosted by Ebsco so that would be a good place to start. really depends on what subject you are interested in. I know that for literature the MLA International Bibliography is sufficient for most projects. ","I wonder why she's trying to create something that already exists, both in the private sector and via government.","There's also Hoopla, OneClickDigital and BelindaBorrowbox. If a library doesn't have Overdrive, they could have one of the other programs. ","You can rent movies from a library too but wonder why we still use Netflix.","they aren't free. The price of a library is baked into your taxes. ","Arent they called libraries?","this would be a dream come true\n","Not if it's on the internet. I could get ANY book anywhere...","libraries should make an app and sell adds on it. make it free\n","There are [Private Subscription Libraries](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subscription_library).","What's a good way to find a library with these services? My local one isn't that well off.","Ask your librarian. They'll know what services are available.  They're usually pretty well versed in the neighboring ones too. ","And you may not have to go to a different library to get stuff. Many libraries form systems and consortiums with nearby libraries and will freely ship (most) material back and forth for you. Through Worldcat we could also get stuff across the globe but that can get expensive. Maker space equipment may be harder to access but also check local colleges for those.","I still want netflix for comic book.. those damn things run 2.99 - 5.99 for one digital copy!       \n\nI know marvel has their unlimited thing, which I've considered, but Im more a DC fan when it comes to the comic universe and I'd like like to read things from Image and what not too. I would certainly pay a reasonable price for netflix like access to comicbooks. $10 to $15 I think.. or better yet, make it like $5 a month per company, that would be perfect. ","Wow! Could I print a lower receiver there for an AR15, or would you guys get all \"quiet PLEASE\" on me when I start to oper8?","You can print whatever you like. ","Yessssss ","So.. Kindle unlimited?","&gt;...they're called taxes.\n\nOut of sight, out of mind.","So amazon books","Blockbuster also mailed DVDs! But their service just didn't compare ","They also, if I recall correctly, only started doing that years after netflix did and were trying to play catchup at that point. ","My local library is 1$ a year. But i think they just do that to get your info. ","There already is Netflix for Books and its Free.\n\nIts called [readfy](https://www.readfy.com/).","So exactly like a library save for paying fees and having the books delivered. Everything old is new again. What if she patents this? Do libraries all get sued for infringement? :-/","Sounds like a shitty idea to me.","So, like the video store before Netflix, or like Netflix before streaming?","Well, yes. But that's why nobody uses video stores or old Netflix anymore. ","Old Netflix is still pretty widely used in the US, the catalog is far larger than the streaming thing.","Oh no, there are some great shows and movies, but there are a lot of movies that should be able to be rated lower than 1 star.\n\nKindle unlimited is the same, but with less gems","I don't understand Kindle unlimited. I spend so much time searching for a good book... What's the point of limiting my search to a very small selection? ","As I understand it, it's mostly to get under exposed self published authors more visibility.","Thanks for clarifying.","you can read it and every other book available for no extra charge on top of your subscription.","The do but they are often limited in terms of who can read it at once like a typical library loan. ","How do you stream a book?  Wouldn't it just be called downloading?  I guess you could download each page individually, so it would be kind of like streaming.\n\nI'm not trying to be a dick (well maybe I am?) but I dislike when words lose their meaning.  Video is streamed because you're downloading while watching it.  Wouldn't most books be finished downloading in a matter of seconds?\n\nSo rough numbers, 500 pages of text amounts to roughly a megabyte.  So maybe you'd need to stream a book back in the 28.8kbps days, but not over any connection that's relatively modern.\n\nI guess you would stream a book by not having access to the actual data file.  So you only have access per page, and it just requests each page when you ask for it.\n\nWell I just answered my own question, sorry for the rant.","&gt; \n&gt; Well I just answered my own question, sorry for the rant.\n\nThat's the *how*, now do 'why?'!","That was hilarious. You talked yourself right into the solution. Which is the correct solution, by the way. All my college textbooks are streamed to my browser 10 pages or so at a time. There's the option of downloading the full thing by \"checking it out\" for offline use, but while it's downloaded it cannot be viewed on other devices until it's \"checked in\". Since sometimes the DRM will screw up and leave you incapable of viewing the downloaded copy *or* streaming it, most people just stream the textbook and bear with it if internet issues make it difficult at times.","So like Oyster...didn't turn out too well for them.","I could dig an e-library that actually has a good selection of books. The problem with irl libraries is that unless they're a large one their selection is usually going to be garbage and a lot of popular books will already be taken out and/or be on a waiting list. And large and well stocked libraries are rare and far between.\n\nI'd sub to an e-library 100% assuming the cost isn't ridiculous.","That looks awesome! I wish we had that in Colombia :(","There are other places in the world outside of America.","Audible? Audiobooks? What is a SWOT analysis?","Now if they did this with audiobooks id soooo be game","Going to piggie back on everyone else's comments and give a shout out to libraries here in the USA. They have so many services it's a miracle it's free. Tons of digital books, shows, movies free to download. If you don't actually mind going to the library there is even more shit. Everyone should really take advantage. ","So I have to pay 8 dollar's a month for books?","I stopped at Sunny Leone.","Just like 20 other parties....","So a book store.","libraries are paid by taxes, so not really free, it's still your money unless they use donations from privates but i don't know how common that is","Very common, but that's not usually in place of taxes, that just keeps taxes lower or the libraries nicer.  Most libraries can't operate 100% on donations and endowments.\n\nBut they are free in the context of you're not paying a private membership fee and the tax is going to exist whether or not you get some other service.","The fact that publisher put artificial book life on library ebooks pisses me off, especially because it is set to 10 check out or something.","There already was one... it was called Oyster, it was Netflix for ebooks basically, and it shut down after a year or two.","Yeah, not as bad as Hulu.","Hulu's turned it around recently imo. Netflix used to dominate, but I find myself watching Hulu more now. Although it could be that I've just watched the ones that interest me on Netflix already I guess. ","Also, Drunk History.","Since I got a Hulu subscription I've almost completely stopped using Netflix. ","Do they still have ads even when you're a paid subscriber?","You can pay extra for no ads I think. ","I actually don't know about that. I mean, Hulu does have a deal with the Criterion Collection, so that already gives it a huge leg up on Netflix's ever-declining selection of quality films.","Yeah, I looked into it. Pretty poor selection.","Actually, you can get Lonely Planet travel guides on Kindle Unlimited, which is awesome if you travel a lot. ","it exists. kindle unlimited. ","There's plenty of good books, too. Yes, there's lots of shit just taking up browsing space, but I've read a few good true crimes books. *Foreign Faction* which details the most likely scenario for who killed Jon Benet Ramsay was excellent. Written by one of the former lead investigators. The case is so crazy.\n","There are good ones there, I cancelled my membership after it was too much hassle digging","So like, Amazon. Shipping actual books would be ridiculously expensive. That's why the pet food website folks all went broke in dotcom days. ","And Netflix is like Kindle unlimited, but for movies.","They already have this...it's called a kindle. They have memberships where you can download as much as you want. But seeing as it takes so long to read a book it isn't very economical unless you do nothing but read day and night.","well why didn't they just say that...","And Oyster. ","While TOI is crap, it's not *that* bad either.","My metro has an app to check out ebooks. It's not super useful because stuff is always checked out. ","Sounds dire given the stuff she's talking about building the service on. Celebs and sex in a model as commercially driven as Trad and less convenient than Kindle Unlimited. Arrive talkabout young authors and opening up publishing but no real sign of that.","Wattpad ","I think this would fail miserably due to the fact that we have things called libraries ","I'm more interested in a youtube for books.","My library has a fee .-.","So not a tax.","&gt;When the idea of Juggernaut first came to me in December 2014, I thought about what the phone can do that the book can't, and I thought Sunny Leone - delicious stories on the screen. But we're also turning her stories into a physical book\n\nWait, Sunny Leone as in the pornstar? What does she have to with this? \n\nEDIT (That I made before posting the comment): It turns out Sunny Leone is writing short-story erotica targeted for women. The distributor for this is Juggernaut (which this article is about).\n\nArticle about Sunny Leone &amp; Juggarnaut: http://www.livemint.com/Consumer/JN5wldRYVkc6McyNANqSjM/Where-fantasy-meets-fiction-Sunny-Leone-is-the-new-star.html\n\nI felt compelled to do further research since the first paragraph threw me for a loop since it felt like I had come into a conversation half-way as it was happening.","My local library has that. Great for bodice rippers and cowboy romances! Serious non-fiction, not so much.","In most libraries (in the UK) there is a charge for audiobooks, unless you are registered blind.","Not through overdrive AFAIK.","You also can't borrow e-books for kindle here either, unless you have the kindle fire. ","Pretty sure the concept is a digital service, so no not really","Or audio dot com that reads it for you ","You're right, but America is where most of the money for book publication (and most any other form of entertainment) is coming from.  Without America services aren't going to attract much high quality content or the money to pay for high quality content.\n\nAnd, at the end of the day, reddit is a mostly American site, so yes, we're talking about America.","The fact that America is where most of the money is doesn't mean that it's the only way to get enough money.\n\nPeople react to that negatively because **THEY** don't need it. But they should ask themselves if somebody else does. Nobody ever asks that.","They should ask if it's a realistic business model for attracting high end authors, not just people that can't get published elsewhere.  That's the only thing that matters if you're a content-based business.\n\nWill there be niche markets where this makes sense?  Surely.  But that's different than a large international site or being compared to \"Netflix\"","I'm just answering to the people waying \"duh, **WE** have libraries, that's useless\", acting like the world revolves around them. That is another topic.","Even in America not all Libraries have e-book services and even those that do tend to have a small e-book collection.","Except this article fucking isn't about America. It's about India. If you don't read the article and talk about things that are relevant to what is in the article then you are going to look like an idiot. ","So a pay to play library?","Quick someone call Jeff Bezos, this could be HUGE!","Never gonna happen. This is Palin, Trump, Bachman, Santorum,...country. ","I would love an e-reader with an extensive library and a pay-per-page system.\n\nLet's say 1-2 cents per page. A 500-page beast can run you five to ten dollars. A novella might cost me a buck or two. And best of all... I can \"purchase\" a book, read ten pages, decide I don't like it... and not eat the total cost.\n\nAnd if anyone says anything about pirating I'd like to remind them that there are torrents out there with thousands upon thousands of epubs and mobis packaged into a single file. And sharing locations like [REDACTED] where I can find even the newest of titles for download for free (it's not hard to find but I'll give you a clue... \"bookz\").\n\nBut those ways are annoying and include hunting and transferring and sorting and archiving and... damn it just let me *pay* for convenience! That's all we want! That's all we've ever wanted in books/movies/music!\n\nEDIT: As for the technical aspect, I'm sure there are flaws. Like you don't want a transaction for every page, that's a nightmare. Start simple. Let me buy the first chapter for however many pages it is in pennies. Then I'll continue from there. I don't know the answer but there *must* be a way.","Amazon already lets you download a sample of I'm pretty sure every eBook they offer. The others do too, I believe. \n\nAs to a per page thing, that's never going to happen. There's no way publishers are going to price an academic textbook the same as a Stephen King novel. Per page isn't really the best metric, I think we'd just be ending with 2000 page sprawling novels of crap instead.","There were 2 services that did this - one was called Oyster, the other one I forgot the name. They both launched and failed immediately within the last year or so. They had all kinds of books, not just old ones or unpopular ones too. ","Why do libraries even have computers any more?","So that people who can't afford internet access can use it for non-porn purposes. Like job applications.","Aren't there internet cafés where you live?","Not in my suburb, but internet cafes cost money anyway. ","You have to pay for those. This whole thread is about the fact that libraries are free.","What year is this.","1994","Even people on the dole can afford internet access. They certainly all seem to have internet-capable phones, too.","It really depends on how much other support they have. I live in a sharehouse and have savings that are covering the difference between my 'dole' and my rent and other expenses (including internet) while I look for work. So I am lucky I guess. I am really glad I don't have to go to a public library. \n\nImo they have long since become internet cafes specialising in homeless people.","That's a big assumption, there are lots of people without Internet access and phones. At my library I see a lot of elderly people, some of whom might not use a computer enough to buy one at home, and lots of kids doing schoolwork, so maybe their family doesn't have one? I occasionally use the library computers to print as well, since I don't have a home printer. ","Not all of them, and since you need email access and a phone number to apply for many jobs, a cheap smartphone is a good option. But a lot of job application websites are absolute shit on mobile, if they work at all, so a library is a good resource.","Because everyone doesn't have a computer? Because everyone doesn't have a printer? Because it's helpful for research?","Who doesn't have a computer or at least an internet-capable mobile phone? Not enough people to warrant the expenditure on providing computers for them from the public purse.\n\nI can understand the printer thing, though. I don't actually know many folk who own one of *those*.\n\n","Poor people, children, the homeless, etc.\nIt's also fialry quiet, a good place to get away from distractions, and it helps out with researching AT the library.  ","Because access to the Internet is a public good.  It's almost required to be able to send and receive emails to search for a job and submit resumes.  Our job is to improve the community and allowing everyone access to the Internet does that. ","1. To find things in digital databases that are not accessible outside the library.\n\n2. To use the electronic card catalog.\n\n3. To write crap/take notes from the databases and articles, especially if you cannot remove any of the material or print it.\n\n4. To give wider access to information to the general public, which is something librarians really care about.","Well, where else would homeless people find their free porn? ","I hope she publishes books in Indian languages too. That's where Amazon is lacking in India. That's where Juggernaut can excel. ","Additional options are nice. I love libraries, I go once a week with my daughter. The problem is though, if you live in a populated area there are massive waiting lists for books. \n\nAs an example, this winter I tried to rent Hyperion by Dan Simmons. The book has been out since 1989 and there were 12 people ahead of me on the waiting list. I'd probably have to wait almost a year for that book if a library were my only option.","My library always has ridiculous waiting periods for any book worth reading. You can sign up to get an email when the book is available but you can only rent so many books at a time so if I'm already in the middle one I'm shit out of luck and back on the waiting list. ","So Amazon unlimited? ","Google Overdrive Media and see if your local library uses that service.","Like a library, but less convenient. ","Now if they did this with audiobooks id sooo be game.","Don't we already have Kindle unlimited?","From what I've seen the US version is the only worthwhile one. Unlimited Canada is garbage and doesn't even have Canadian bestsellers","From what I've seen the US version is the only worthwhile one. Unlimited Canada is garbage and doesn't even have Canadian bestsellers","Not the same. You often have to wait weeks in order to get a popular book or one that isn't in your local library, and the selection isn't always that diverse. And not all libraries offer ebooks.","&gt; You often have to wait weeks in order to get a popular book or one that isn't in your local library, and the selection isn't always that diverse.\n\nActually libraries can get a book in for you from any other library within their system usually within 7 days.\n\n","The library networks are what I'm referring to, and not all are the same. Even at 7 days, that is quite a bit different from instantly, which is what her company wants to do.\n\nAlso, libraries carry movies. Your original statement is about as ridiculous as saying \"what's the point of Netflix if you can get your movies from libraries or video rental stores.\"","Plus, Netflix doesn't get big movies the day they are released to DVD. You have to wait for that too. ","Or more accurately Amazon Prime Lending Library","You're asking a lot of someone who obviously didn't read anything except the headline.","They already have this...it's called a kindle. They have memberships where you can download as much as you want. But seeing as it takes so long to read a book it isn't very economical unless you do nothing but read day and night.","I listen to audio books 40 hours a week at work. It's very economical for me.","Amazon is mainly a distributor, this is a publisher, if amazon wants too, they can carry the books commission by Juggernaut.","theyre just pointing out that whatever it is that this is supposed to be, it already exists. (so this article painting it as the \"netflix of books\" is sort of fantastical)","That's the point was I was making. Funny enough the kindle icon is next to the Netflix icon on my iPad. \n\nIn case people aren't aware. kindle is also software not just a type of tablet. The software is incredible. Not only can you adjust the size of the font, but you can switch to publisher. Doing so formats the books as it was in print. Also it save all your books and makes a virtual library with everything I've downloaded (saving your notes and place in each). Also all classic books are free.","ya i know, i was responding to /u/arandomdane","What?? Amazon has a HUGE [publishing business](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amazon_Publishing).  This is in addition to their self-publishing platforms, which have literally revolutionized the business.  ","It doesn't take long to read a book if you quit after page 25 because it sucks.\n\nIf you're picky about what you read and start several books before finding one you want to finish, it's a much better deal.","It also isn't very economical because most books actually worth reading aren't on it.","So kindle unlimited? ","[deleted]","Sounds great, grandpa. Audio books are great for people who are in solitude for a majority of the day. I paint a whole lot, and would rather listen to Stephen King, or some O'Conner, instead of music for 8 hours straight. ","Some library near me (I'm thinking either Portland or Seattle) offers limited amounts of tickets to performances along with museums and things like that. \n\nThat kind of blew my mind with awesomeness.","That's such an awesome perk! ","It really does sounds awesome. I imagine it is crazy hard to get, though.","Yeah, it probably is. The ones available where I live sell out fast, especially during March break, Christmas, and in the summer. The only way to snag the primo passes is to wait outside the library a half hour before they open on the day they refresh their stock... Getting up early on a Saturday morning is hard work. ","There are pay libraries... so it's like a library...","Can you also get soup?","They have a cute subsidised coffee shop there where I believe you can, yes! ","Well, I'm sold.","So, a [subscription library](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subscription_library).","A delivery fee?","Have Libraries really been extinct so long that people are proposing the idea like its new?","My library has a damn impressive e-book collection. Every book I could ever think of. Just waiting for it to be available is a pain in the ass. ","Can't u just go to the library?","You mean a library? ","You stole my line.\n\nKudos to you.","So kindle unlimited?","Maybe in America they do but not in most parts of the world and certainly not all their books. Google tried and they were shut down because of copyright infringement. This woman is doing it the legit way.","So, like... Amazon? They did books long before they did movies.","It was sarcasm","[deleted]","Bit late. https://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/4g7vk2/the_woman_who_is_trying_to_create_a_netflix_for/d2fb97h","Amazon has another service, Kindle Unlimited, for that.","Which is not included in Amazon Prime--which the comment originally stated.","Eh, didn't see your comment was a reply.","Amazon Prime doesn't have a monthly option or include any sort of book benefits.\n\nEdit: Amazon Prime is yearly and includes Prime Video which you can get on it's own monthly. Amazon Prime is not monthly.","Yes it does.","Yup, I have to pay to renew my card occasionally (not that its expensive that this would be). ","Free in the USA","&gt; No library I've heard of charges a fee.\n\nTake a look at this article about [membership libraries](http://qz.com/592459/the-secret-world-of-membership-libraries/). These are private, non-profit libraries that charge subscription fees for access to the collection. They generally come from a time when free libraries didn't really exist.","Hell yes, I love those comics! I still have a box of them somewhere.\n\nI remember an old wives tale about not drinking fluid when eating. No idea where that originated.","It's perfect for all the avid readers who don't already own an eReader, Library Card, Apple Books, or Google Books membership!","How the fuck did she come up with the idea of stockpiling multiple items of a similar sort together??? I mean, everyone has seen a book but it's not like it's common to see a bunch of them lined up together on a shelf or something.\n\nSame goes for digital versions of things.  Usually you have to go to different sites to see content of the same type.  For example, if you're into watching video content, it's not like YouTube exists.\n\nIt's fucking revolutionary thinking to make things conveniently available together.  Not sure why we aren't lauding this visionary woman with more praise.","A great app is called Over Drive. All you need is a library card. You'll never have to leave your house again.","Oh for fucks sake!! Why didn't I think of that!?","I think it could work to bring books to a netflix type format. Maybe the library itself could offer it as a premium service, with government funding. I think most of the authors would make more money and the user would be able to have a nice interface which will help them pick their next book based on interests and have the reviews for it as well. ","Okay.. No thanks","Yea that was my thought too ... it's amazon.  ","Netflix wasn't an online service when it started. They would mail DVDs to you, and you'd send them back when you were done watching. It was a movie rental service like Blockbuster, but with a much better selection, and much cheaper if you watched a lot of movies (subscription based instead of pay as you go).\n\nThe streaming part of Netflix came years later.","Apologies, your right (in fact, I only have Netflix DVD at my house), but the same applies.  BB didn't have that.","The ones that charge fees are called Subscription Libraries. They are rare but they still exist.","I think she's a few hundred years late","Look wider.  American doesn't have many pay libraries (but they exist) other countries do have them. \n\nWe're very lucky to live in countries that don't charge for access to a wide variety of books, but it's not the only manner.","Stupidly simple things i wish i thought of lol","So like, audible?","Username checks out","&gt; Indian parents would consider anything not directly related to education / future career a waste of time\n\nAre you talking about decades ago?","Max 20 years ago? Sure! It didn't start changing until around when Harry Potter got popular. I remember multiple relatives asking me to bring copies when I visited. A few years later you started seeing parents buying novels for their kids.","I was visiting India when book 7 came out. I had to wait a week and avoid the internet and the newspaper with the huge spoiler-y review, until we visited an uncle in a city that had a big enough bookstore to sell Harry Potter. I read that copy in two days, and then it got passed around to all my cousins.\n\nBut my grandfather on that side of the family used to be a headmaster, and taught English, so they've always been a bit more literary.","Maybe, but I still think most Indian parents are more focused on studies than enjoyment. It's damn hard to buy books in India still, especially with the unofficial moral police proclaiming everything non-religious to be against \"Indian values\". ","I loved Oyster. I'm still mourning its death. I read so many books on it. ","Taxes, yo. Ain't no free lunch","No. A publisher that will commission books, some for electronic distribution only. ","I'd call it Netflips.","Obligatory: came here to say that. ","Damn, my library is just a couple of isles of book and two really old computers.","As long as you have a library card you can access Overdrive &amp; download e books for a time.","Same with mine! They really try hard in my district, but it seems to pay off. They were very busy yesterday. ","[removed]","It's called HBO Now.","[\"It's not porn, it's HBO\"](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=EUBiOOx0Pxw) nsfw kinda","Hasn't it always been called HBO?","Thats dickflix","I read sunny leone. I closed the browser","Amazon Prime? It does now!","Okay, sounds nice... but in the present moment of this incredible media hype, it's just a new publisher with limited content pushing an app that does what a hundred other apps already do - i.e., put reading content on your phone for a small fee.  That's fine, the more the merrier.  Doesn't make it \"Netflix for books\" though.","Yeah, that's fair. I want a real, full-scale online library for India, like Overdrive but at a price point that would actually work in India."," Shoulder something I don't to stand why are you so negative regarding the idea it's a good search but there's always a room for improvement to just chill out ","LOL I think your robot interpreter is malfunctioning.\n\nI'm not being negative.  I'm just observing that the presentation and the reaction are both extremely overblown.  I am always on the side of new publishing efforts.","Or you know what Amazon and Scribd and Oyster have been trying to do? SO REVOLUTIONARY.","We all pay library fees. Well us tax payers do.","Next thing you know she will take a clock apart and remake it in a shitty fashion and claim she built a clock","You know what'd be good though? *Reassembling* a clock. That'd make good television.","well at least my internet won't take much of a hit :P","You sound like an ad.  \n\nAnyway this doesn't seem anything like Amazon Prime or Netflix.  As far as I can tell, it's just an app that gives you a daily erotic story, and offers a tiny selection of other content, offered by a small publisher who works in both digital and print (like every other publisher on earth does).   The media attention (and social media reaction) seems pretty overblown.","&gt; media attention\n\n*India Times*","That was my first thought, so yeah.","Libraries don't have a huge electronic selection though\n\nEdit: for real? You folks think some town in Kansas has a good eBook collection? What about a town in North Texas? Yeah? Then keep downvoting me if you think I'm wrong, I suppose.","Can't speak for every library, but in my area it does","Seattle has a good amount, but not nearly the scale I would like.","...But online libraries are already being used on small scales, other than that most e-books are really cheap. Also, doesn't kindle already have a \"borrow your book\" thing for a week thing? ","I get that the big joke here is that \"Oh wait, it already exists: it's a library.\" \n\nBut libraries (to my knowledge) don't deliver to you instantaneously. So my question would be, how is this much different from Kindle Unlimited? ","My library actually has an e-book system you can access online and have it delivered instantly. I understand that not all libraries do though.","That's actually really cool! Where is that, if you don't mind my asking?","Prince William County, VA. Never actually used it though, so no idea how well it works or how well stocked it is.","No? What's the point? \n\nOr better yet, hollow a hardcover book &amp; put the Kindle in there!","Netfloox","Subscribed a few times to Unlimited and the choices are absolute crap.","Amazon already has this. Kindle Unlimited. $9.95/mo","Plenty of libraries charge fees:\n\nhttps://www.ieee.org/membership-catalog/","I never heard anyone say that about Netflix. When it first got started, I heard \"Cool. Fuck Blockbuster.\"","done before\n\nhttps://www.gutenberg.org/","The benefits of a system like this is seeing less professionals and more hobbyists. That's why I love sundance, it's a bunch of hobbyists who want to create the art and some want to be big, who doesn't but it saved movie watching for me after my mom killed mainstream movies for me (you can only see every pirates, harry and twi film SO MANY times before you wanna die).\n\nBring on the NETFLIX OF BOOK.","Some has to tell her about \"stealing\".","Great service for people under 18.","well said!","All you guys are complaining about the fee but for me I've rated so many Netflix movies that it knows me better then my wife. Rarely does it miss in what is recommended/4-5 stars. \n\nI think something like a rating system/ algorithm to help people find books would be brilliant. There's such a time commitment with books and I often finish mediocre books because I'm hoping there will be a twist ending or something.","I don't think Netflix does DVDs anymore. I don't know why people need the \"hard cover book\" in their hand, what is the point of that? It's words - the words are all that matter. Why would you spend money, wait for a hard-cover book to come in the mail (that you can't even mark on or highlight, mind you) when you can pay less money and have your book immediately available (among hundreds) and carry it wherever you want in your pocket?\n\nMakes WAY more sense. This is obviously going to fail. ","So why not a Kindle? I'm not trying to downplay her efforts, but really is it necessary when there are solutions out there?","A Kindle costs a lot. Almost everybody in India already has cheap mobile phones (if not data service - but that's solvable by swapping in someone else's SIM for a moment to download a book).\n\nAn e-reader would definitely be a better alternative if it were cost effective. There is in fact [a program aimed towards kids in Africa, for donating Kindles](http://www.worldreader.org/). It looks like they actually also have a mobile app now, so that's pretty cool.","Have you all not heard of kindle unlimited? 9.99 for millions of books with audible naration.","Yeah we have this. I work at one, its called a Library. We also have free apps where you can download ebooks and have them returned with out a overdue fee called Overdrive -- all free. \n\n","Which is why amazon bought them","Nice advertisement and sponsored content","Audible is kinda like Netflix. Netflix charges a flat fee for unlimited access to titles. Audible doesn't give unlimited access to all titles but rather they give you a credit every month that can be redemed for one title. ","Another win for Indian innovation. What next? The Train?","lol its times of India which is basically the Indian Fox News but much worse. They'll advertise a shitty startup every week, 99 percent of them never make and this well never make it because it's a shitty fucking idea. ","There is this cool thing called project Guttenberg.com which is constantly being uploaded with scans from books. Gutenberg handles alot of classics but ive had to go to spinoff sites like project cyberpunk when I wanted to read Neuromancer. Totally free. \n\nYou would be surprised to see how much text gets uploaded illegally onto the internet if you just google it","No one said this because it was obvious that Netflix provided a major service Blockbuster did not. It's unclear how that's the case here. ","Meet the amazing person who wants to profit on the countless hours of labour of academics, scientists, writers and poets that died in poverty.","No one is making fun of this for being a library.  People are making fun of this for calling it \"netflix for books\". \n\nShe's doing a wonderful job but this is just a stupid way to present the idea.  \"Digital libraries\" are great.  You don't need to sell it as \"Netflix for books\".  That just sounds dumb and ignores the issue. ","It's kind of fair to say like Kindle Unlimited. You pay a periodic fee and during that period you gain access to the entire catalogue. Blockbuster had a different distribution model from Netflix, and that was the *only* way they differed.\n\nIn the article, Chiki Sarkar mentions a blurb about a limited catalogue of physical books, but it seems that her interest is in digital distribution, and it's no surprise because digital is more scalable and efficient for the company, which can pass down as potential savings for the customer. Google could also compete in this realm as they already have the infrastructure set up, and they recently got the legal go-ahead to continue digitizing books. They simply don't have a subscription model like Amazon.\n\nI think something important to discuss with regards to competing against Amazon, and why Google might not be doing as well, is that having an internet-accessible catalogue of books for a periodic fee might not be enough, because people might not like reading over their existing range of devices. So Amazon releases a range of devices starting at what costs like 3-5 books, with free 3G service available in many places around the world.","It's called Kindle Unlimited...","Oh, this:\n\n&gt; The idea is - Can the physical and digital talk to each other? Can I take the knowledge of who is going to buy our books on the phone and sell them other books?\n\nWhaaaa?","So are we going to pretend there is no such thing as Kindle Prime or Kindle Unlimited. \n\nVery Happy that so many Arthur C. Clarke are on there. The space odyssey ended up pretty good! 3001 took me a little to get into but it really tied the story together","Actually, there are private libraries that do charge fees. That even used to be a common model a couple of centuries ago. I'm sure Google can relieve you of the burden of not knowing things. ;)","[deleted]","Fine, n.:\n\n[A **fee** levied as punishment for breaking the law.](http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/fine)","Soooo... This exists in so many ways already.","Funny, I was around then, and I don't remember anyone saying that.  And if anyone did, I want some of what they were smoking.","[deleted]","I'm fairly sure when Netflix came out with their service no one said 'like Blockbuster', as their whole operating model of shipping DVD's to your home for a nominal fee, was very different than Blockbuster's exorbitant fee approach. Not even mentioning their complete differentiation when they started their streaming service. Source: been a proud Netflix customer since the start.","[deleted]","Your comparison was just very broad, all I'm saying. IMO the service within the context for India seems like a good thing,  but it is on no way a very 'original' idea as the article states.","It's an original idea *in India*. ","Another one that saw the clickbate title but not the content.\n\nNetflix / amazon are mainly distributors. This is a publisher that will commission books, some for electronic distribution only.","or Project Gutenberg ","ITT like a library?","The library. ","I feel like the first four posts in this thread have said everything that needs to be said about this idea.","I have a legit question.  \n\nAre you planning on starting in the states only and expanding later to Canada, Europe and then the rest of the world? \n\nBecause I'll tell you this right now, the rest of the world would very much appreciate being included earlier so we don't have to VPN just to use your service.  ","This was my first thought ","Just a regular Canadian public library ","I borrow e-books from my library and listen to them using Overdrive on my phone. Just finished Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. Read by Martin Freeman.","You know what's more important than this car in my garage: Knowledge.","Maybe we can call it iTunesFlix ?","You mean a library?","A lot of libraries allow out of district membership for a fee.  Plus university libraries (student fee), membership libraries, etc. that people have mentioned.  ","&gt; When I went to India as a kid, the only libraries we ever saw were on college campuses, and the selection of books that weren't textbooks was very meager. \n\nSo... How are these places going to get Internet service if they can't get books? ","If you're being serious, it's kind of because India hasn't followed the same pathway of development as many western countries. Some things have jumped ahead because of the adoption of new technology, and some have not.\n\nSo wireless internet through (sometimes very slow) mobile networks, is available throughout the country (but expensive), even as you deal with not having electrical power consistently all day every day. And there's internet cafes in a lot of places.","She's a woman being all entreprenual and shit so it's novel and we should respect it tho...even though it's a library. /s","But with a much bigger selection and no DVDs. I'm kind of shocked how inconvenient DVDs have become over the years. I just don't want to mess with physical movies anymore. ","So maybe there's room for a \"Netflix for books\" that likewise has a bigger selection, and offers greater convenience. I love libraries, but I'm still willing to spend money on books. ","Netflix still sends DVDs. ","Library selection, depending on location, is probably much better than Netflix except for the current season of Netflix originals. And depending on the library you can have streaming movies through hoopla with no DVDs.","I live in East side Seattle. You would think the DVD selection would be pretty big hear, it is Seattle area. But it's actually pretty small. Seattle public library has a much bigger selection. And most libraries I've been in in rural America only have a few titles that are really old. ","How is this some crazy innovative idea?\n","No. They didn't. You do realize there are plenty of people who were alive at the time? ","Im pretty sure thats called a kindle library.","Except a library would be a lot more limited than an online source. And there is no borrowing problem. You can't have a book completely borrowed out if it's online.","Yeah, they have that. It's called the Kindle Lending Library and Kindle Unlimited. \n\nOh, yeah, and a regular library, too. \n\nHonestly, what's she thinking?!","So if kindle unlimited can offer audiobooks on a listen as much as you want for a flat rate fee, why do I only get one book a month and have to pay for any others on audible... ","It should be noted for fairness sake that my library also has a wide selection of video games available. And I live in a small city riddled with crime, in a state where we regularly thank Mississippi for being worse than us in national statistics. Library's nice though.","So... new Orleans? ","Alot of university libraries does this as well;Or at least mine do. \n\n","And before Netflix it was called Blockbusters. What's your point? ","DRM books have existed for like 15 years now.","If I was able to 'rent' e-books and not be on some ridiculous waiting list for every book I was interested in like I am with my library's app I would pay for this. It would be hard to keep the cost low. I figure with my baby I would maybe read a book or two a month so I wouldn't be willing to pay more than it would cost to just buy the books. ","ever wondered why they restrict it based on if you go to the university or live in the area? Because you are paying for it in taxes or tuition. \n\nBut correct, that is different than a fee. ish.","So... Not Kindle ","This is not a news story. Just shitty clickbait because *gasp* it's compared to Netflix - something only my 12 year old niece would get excited about. ","I think I might have said that, too. ","I remember a service called Oyster that died out that was suppose to be the same thing."," #Nottheonion","How about a Netflix for textbooks","This is a shitty idea. Books couldn't be more available online already. She is just coming up with a bad model to make money. Go to a fucking library or use the Google store. ","I'd try it. Can't afford to buy books, the local library is bad, and Amazon whatever it is now is too expensive. Not all books are available for torrent it sucks. ","I've never had an issue ever in finding the free digital version of any book.  They are all available. Please set me a challenge! ","Koji Suzuki's translated works come to mind. Also, Edmund Bourne's self help books. I only found one. If you can find them explain what I'm doing wrong! ","See pm.","thought this was an onion article for a sec","Yeah but they ceased operation, apparently. Which is sad because they had a great selection, imo, better than kindle unlimited. ","My library in Poland had music CDs. So much ripping...","I took a job 3 hours away from my wife and kids,  we are prepping out house for the nice and I drive back every weekend.  Overdrive has been a life saver.","Amazon prime does this with their kindles","She looks way hotter in the tumbnail.","I second you bro .. I was thinking the same thing .. ","like amazon? or audible? or hell just a library?  am I missing something?","You pay taxes,  right?  You paid your fee.","That's not a fee. That's a tax. A fee is voluntary. A tax is imposed.","&gt; A fee is voluntary. A tax is imposed.\n\nNot always. Late *fee*, for example. A library can refuse to loan material if you have late fees on your account.\n\nDoes this mean the late fee is both voluntary (you don't have to pay it if you don't want to borrow anymore) and imposed?","You agreed, when you borrowed the item, that you can have it for X time, and anything beyond X time would incur a fee of Y every Z.\n\nYes, it was voluntary.  You chose to borrow the book and not return it on time.","Donations are voluntary. ","[deleted]","does your library force you to pay the late fees?","If you want any more books, they do.","that's when you get a new card","Ha, they check for this. That's why if a library is worth its salt, they use another identifying feature about you like your drivers license ID number. Proof of ID is required to get a card.","It's a short duration interest free loan, past that you're paying a flat interest rate...  as a penalty for violating the terms and agreements.  \n\nIt's the same thing as public local roads, it's free to use (subsidize by taxes), but when you speed, double park, or etc, you violate the terms and get penalized for it.  The fee for use is still imposed, but that doesn't cover penalties for violations of terms.  Penalties doesn't equal membership fees, they're two separate things.","So like how all roads are toll roads, because then were paid for by my taxes. Same with Police, garbage collection, etc. \n\nTrue in a sense, if our goal is to complain about taxes, but not useful in any other way I can think of. If I'm driving some place, and want to know if I need to pay a toll on this road or that, I'm going to be pretty pissed if the person giving me direction just goes on about how they are *all* toll roads because of taxes.","but this spin-off conversation that  you are participating in is specifically about how this service is charging a fee to make money to run, as compared to a library that collects money from taxes (even from those who aren't using the library) in order to have the money to run. We are not discussing how to read a book. It seems relevant.\n\nA potential point that could be made is that in this tech era, a brick and mortar library is actually out of date and a waste of tax money if we can have services like this available to and paid for by those who choose to use it. This is relevant not only to the original post but also to how and where to read a book (in light of your asking for directions comment).","I don't think paper books are obsolete, nor do I think brick and mortar libraries are obsolete. I strongly believe that libraries are far from a waste of tax money, and if anything would like to see them receive more support. I think that there are many people who benefit from free access to books (and other services libraries provide), who would not think to pay for a similar for-profit service. I would fight strongly against the privatization of libraries. \n\nI would also wonder if you could state your opinion clearly, instead of keeping it behind a \"potential point that could be made\", as that always seems to me a dishonest and intentionally ambiguous way of stating an opinion.\n\n**edit:** typo","I also do not think libraries or paper books are currently obsolete and I didn't say that was my opinion because it was not.\n\nMy opinion and or comment was:\n\n\nI think I read your comment as saying that it would be like asking someone for directions and them answering that the roads are paid with tolls.... which is not what you said. So my bad. I interpreted your statement as implying that it is not relevant to the conversation, or that it is being picky in a non-useful way to make a point about whether this new Netflix-style service for accessing books gets its money from charged fees or from taxpayer money as libraries do. You even used an example comparing it to asking for directions on how to get somewhere, and the answer given being that roads are paid for by tolls. I believe now that I misunderstood this statement slightly and honestly am sort of confused by it. \n\n\nI am stating, clearly now, that I think the conversation going on here is absolutely related to how this upstart company is going to get money to function and succeed, and about that difference between fees and taxpayer money, as libraries would be one of it's number one competitors. The OP is likely worried about how that will work out. People posting seem confused about the difference in in sourcing money. And also, it is an interesting difference in how the same sort of information can be funded from different places. \n\n\nI do get what you are saying that it is kind of a short and dick-ish response to just say \"you pay taxes right?\" but it is true. We are paying for the book service one way or another. if someone starts by saying \"it like neflix but free\" which is also a quick and reddit style comment, then the response isn't really out of place.  \n\nThen I made a conversational connection to further mock how even this here book conversation could even be related to getting directions more-so than the hypothetical question/answer you created. I meant to imply that if the argument shifted to being about the location people go to get books in this modern era (*which is also relevant and happening very much so, regardless of how you or I feel about brick and mortar libraries full of paper books that are often empty or downsizing*) from libraries to the internet, people could \"give you directions\" to a new place (like this book service we are all here talking about) to get your books. The could tell you this instead of telling you how the books were paid for as you obviously aren't interested in that. \n\nThat was a poor attempt at making a wordy joke, and for that I apologize. And now that I re-read your post I am not sure any of my words really apply :) :)\n\nI would love it if libraries received more support as well. But I do think that they need to expand on services like Overdrive and accessibility features to stay relevant, and that there is a huge opening right now for companies like audible/kindle (or similar) to step in and capitalize more on educational uses like textbooks, teaching material and the sort as schools are moving more towards computers and iPads in a generation of mobile screen hungry youths. If this were the case it does not really seem far fetched for something like this to get government funding or tax dollars. Hopefully, though, for the sake of nostalgia and my grade school memories, libraries can stay competitive for years to come. That or they should save all their books for when they come back again at ridiculous prices to hipsters, like vinyl is now ;)","I'd fuck her.","Please 🙏🏼 I'll love this ","tbh thought it would be more like someone reading the book to you as you watch/listen to it on tv, like an audiobook","Source of audiobook for 9.99? ","i see you're not that familiar with KU. KU fucking sucks and thank God you can do a free trial to really get a feeling for the shittiness. It's like endless amateur fucking writing. I'd rather read a blog about gluten free diets and how to put raffia paper around a fucking jar than just about anything on KU.","Doesnt amazon do this already? We got books with our prime membership. Now Netflix for porn.. waiting on that and maybe netflix for video games like online but with fun games.","There are no video games at the libraries I go to.  They do lend out a machine that has Netflix on it though.  I think it was a Roku but it might have been a different brand.","Talk to your library's director! You might be very surprised to find them willing to make more purchases if a visitor informs them that they are struggling to gain access to the content they want. ","Don't blame the library for that. Blame the publishers ","They did, and but we have digital libraries already, we have libraries already.  Calling it \"netflix for books\" is ignoring what already has been done.  Both Overdrive and Kindle Unlimited are there.  \"Digitial libraries\" perfectly explains what it is.  So why call it \"Netflix\" when it's not.  It's like concepts we already have.","ay bb want me to slytherin in ur dumbledore n make you hufflepuff?","This is in INDIA. Astonishingly outside of the USA there are other countries. These countries do not have the same access to things as in the USA. Also the exchange rate is often a huge barrier to accessing things like Amazon. So when you are finished demonstrating your total ignorance of anything non-US I have ten brownie points for someone in the US who knows where India is without Googling it. ","So this is cool, but I'm a little sad to see my idea has already been implemented. I've been taking to a few people about how I'd go about starting this up. ","Netflix works the same way.  They negotiate with the owners of works based on expected number of views.  The owners can decide whether the Netflix deal would provide them with more revenue from that work than selling it through other channels.  In many cases the answer is yes.\n\nThis is why 1) not all works are available on Netflix and 2) even the ones that are available are time-limited.  In a few months, they might be replaced by others.\n\n","This is clickbait PR for their mobile app.  She's a traditional book publisher that sells books via an app on your phone.  This is nothing remotely like Netflix.","I guess that's how it's done in the US. I definitely have to pay an annual fee to get a library card, although sitting and reading in the library is free.","My experience is the same (libraries are free) in Australia, the UK and the US."," As a library employee I just wanna tell everyone to please please please get a library card. Lots of government areas fucking with our budgets and they are greatly needed. Just because you don't go to the library doesn't mean that thousands of others do not. ","[deleted]","I am not wise; I have led this village to destruction due to my lack of wisdom.","Taxes?  Mine has a line item on my property taxes.  ","Oh i didn't know that. I never used the app I just knew it existed. ","The woman who had an entirely unoriginal idea, no innovation on implimentation, whose friends told her she was a genius, who had enough money to throw at the unoriginal idea, and who will be forgotten in two months.","[deleted]","People living in rural areas don't exactly have libraries down the street. ","The title is literally called \"The woman who is trying to create a Netflix for books.\" Not a \"blockbuster for books,\" you moron. When is the last time you went to a \"netflix\" to rent a book? When was the last time a library mailed you a book that you choose online? Your joke is stupid and makes no sense. ","Ouch my feelings. ","But VC-backed. It's *completely* different!","Fuck man, I had this idea like 3 years ago but when I told my friends about it they all shit on it so I just let it go","Can't wait to read the 3rd book in a series cause the rest are not available, or for the book to suddenly disappear while i'm half way through because the licens ran out... yeah no, try to strive to be better than Netflix...\n\nDon't get me wrong, Netflix is the best there is on the streaming market, it's just still really really bad...","Amazon has a subscription based book program called Kindle unlimited. Unlimited books/audiobooks for 10 bucks. But I get the same thing free at my local library's overdrive program so I'm not pushing for a sub anytime soon.","It can easily be either.\n\nI've worked for a city library system (300,000-ish people) where you had to be in the county that the city was legally located in. People who lived in the city (according to the post office), but in a neighboring county had to pay the non-resident fee.\n\nI currently work for a city/county library (serves both since a merger over a decade ago; 25,000-ish people) where as long as you live in the county or have a card at one of the other consortium libraries, you don't pay the non-resident fee.","What is that card??","[Texshare](https://www.tsl.texas.gov/texshare/card). From the looks of it, it is just a more direct way of doing interlibrary loans of physical books (which normally require you to request it from your home library, then they call the lending library who will try to ship at their convenience, and so forth). Late fees and such get transferred to your home library, and you don't get access to Overdrive or other digital media from other libraries.","It also looks like it's primarily a way for the Texas State Library to cover the cost of the postage fees for mailing items between libraries. \n\nSure media rate is pretty cheap as far as mailing heavy stuff goes, but it can also really add up for libraries, especially the little ones that would probably benefit the most from something like this.","Texshare. You can get it in your local library. I think you can check out books from universoties too. I used to do that to take out books from my uni when I wasn't enrolled.\n\nIt's free if I remember correctly.","If only I found even one book from my wishlist in it. Nope, not one. ","Also a woman, so I’m not sure what your problem is (actually, most of the English-speaking world knows exactly what you redditors’ problem is).","Scribd recently changed so that you can only get 3 books per month, sort of like they were doing already with audiobooks. ","20 DVDs for only $1 when you sign up for Columbia House! \n\nThis was my college movie collection. ","Late fees.","Speaking of late fees.\nWe had a house fire, 2 of the 3 books we borrowed were badly damaged, the other was destroyed (couldn't find it) we brought the 2 books, pictures and a report taken by the fire department to the library in hopes they would excuse the cost to replace the books. No, still had to pay around $50 bucks.\n\n","Why would you expect them to excuse the fee to replace the books?","Usually if something happens to library material that's out of the customer's control, like a fire, or theft, we will waive fees. I would have waived OP's fee, since they brought proof. The main exception is if a customer has notes in their account that they do this a lot.","To be fair, there's a difference between what you will do and what should be *expected*","It's a misconception that libraries make a lot of money off of these late fees and replacement fees. It's a relatively small percentage of revenue generated and for our system, we don't even keep most of it since the county views it as general funds and it gets spread out over all the other agencies. So I would have no problem waving this one time. I'd make a note in their account so if their house \"Burns down\" again or something else out of the norm, then it might be a sticking point on not doing it again.","Mostly out of sympathy, I guess.\n\n","I work at a library and we waive fees for situations like this with proof. I guess it just depends on where you are but that sucks ","Ah, that's too bad. Had a similar issue when I was 12. House fire, 10 library books destroyed beyond repair. No sweat, sorry to hear about that, nothing to pay. That said, I think the fact that they were on a minor ticket probably helped because I imagine they budget for kids destroying books (they also don't have late fines on their kid books).","They were kids books too. ","Part of our local library flooded, including the books we returned and we were still charged for them. ","How does that happen? The flood wasn't your fault.","Since they can't tell what was in the return box things need to be replaced apparently. I am not quite sure how badly it was flooded but   I'm pretty sure they probably have security footage of the return box since it was the one right by the front door. They also apparently penalized people for returning stuff to their other branch while the main one was closed to repair water damage. I don't get why that would be an issue either. ","If you have insurance you could maybe report it under lost property (making sure the insurance agency has full knowledge that the books belonged to the library) and they may cover the cost of the books.","At the time of the fire, the library books were the last things on our mind.\n(I was at work, my wife and 2 boys were trapped. A neighbor had to break the window, put a ladder through and get everyone out that way)","My next startup is a Twitch for books.","I live outside the limits of my city. Since I don't pay city tax, I have to pay a fee to get a library card.","You lot have such weird systems of local government.","Its called taxes","You know libraries offer video games now","Ugh... I hate this.. \n\n\"Netflix\" at least digitally wanted to be like a library.  Netflix for book is called a library.  Please stop trying to be \"hip\" and call it netflix for books, because it's just dumb.   \n\nEven if you want to be like Netflix' dvd delivery it's still a different version of a LIBRARY. not like \"netflix.\"\n\nShe wants to educate India and provide books, neither are bad things.  Just stop trying to push this idea of \"netflix for books\" as if it's some new concept.  Overdrive and Kindle unlimited have both been there for years.  \"Digital library\" makes sense and has taken hold.  And it's a far better term than \"netflix for books\". ","People often work by putting things in relation to other points of reference, especially when one isn't fully acquainted with the subject matter yet, hence the above title.","Yes these other points of reference, called LIBRARIES.. And DIGITAL LIBRARIES?  Why am I repeating myself? \n\nBoth are far easier concepts to understand than \"netflix for books\" and neither are mentioned in the article.  Libraries exist, digital libraries exist.  So why go off on some awful \"point of reference\" when we already have terms that perfectly encapsulate what she wants to do?","No just like Netflix isn't a video store.","This doesn't make sense to me. In electric library should be vastly cheaper to run than a traditional library. Why do we keep paying more money for things as they become cheaper?\n\nPhysical libraries require a ton of space, people to catalog the books, books are not returned/lost/damaged and need to be replaced. Most of these things go away with digital books.","Ask the publishers why they insist on charging the same/just a dollar or two cheaper for e-books than physical books. I think it's silly too.\n\nBut libraries will probably always be cheaper because they're subsidized by everyone in your area through taxes, whether they use them or not. Services like Netflix are only paid for by their subscribers. Although to be honest I don't know what the average cost of a library through taxes is -- I know the library I want to sign up for charges around $8/mo for non-residents.","Paying for the content I get. You'd just think over time a program would be put into place to funnel some of those library dollars up to a organization that maintains a free cloud library. You check out a copy of one of the licensed books. If you don't finish before the due date, you either pay a fee to hold on to it (like a late fee), or you lose access and are put at the end of the queue. If no people are waiting, you get the book back immediately with no interruption. If others are in the queue, you get put at the end of the line and get it back for another week or two once you get back up to the front of the queue.\n\nThey could also have 20-30 minutes per day of free reading for books \"on the shelf\" so you could flip through them or see if they'd be interesting, without actually checking them out... just like you can in an actual library.","It's actually really common for publishers to charge more for a single eBook license (like 3 or 4 times more) than for a hardcover book, or for the license to expire after a certain number of checkouts. My library still buys mostly books, even though the demand for ebooks is rising every year, because we literally can't afford to buy more eBook licenses, and because the licenses cost so much more than regular books we can't just move the funds from one column to the other without having significantly fewer copies of a title. \n\nEdit to clarify: the pricing system for libraries purchasing books/ebooks is completely different than the consumer system.","Do publishers track checkouts and charge additional license fees for popular physical books as well?\n\nI can respect the book publishers not wanting to end up in the same situation as the music industry by getting out ahead of it, however, they seem to be taking things too hard and just making things prohibitive... which is what leads to piracy.","Oh jeez, oh well, at least I got a good listen at A Song of Ice and Fire before it went to hell.","Same here!","There is a free books app for both Ipad and Android. It's called \"free books\" \n\nGreat for getting caught up on the classics. ","Netflix for books?\nThat's Cheeky.","I can't remember where I read it, but if I recall correctly Scribd was still paying for every book, so if a customer read more than 3 books a month on their unlimited plan they were losing money.","Bummer. I know I'm not the average consumer since I mainly listen to audiobooks, and I go through 2-4/week. I would have gladly paid more a month to keep the unlimited thing going at Scribd.","Oyster tried this and it never caught on","Plus we should clearly root an idea of Netflix' copyrighted books?","More like Amazon Kindle Unlimited- unlimited reading and listening on any device for $9.99 a month. Sound familiar?","If you live in Texas, there's this card you can get called texshare that allows you to use the libraries all over Texas as if you had a membership there. Pretty cool card.","I've literally never seen a book I've wanted to read on there ","It's called a library","Funnily enough there used to be a lot of private libraries who's members would pay a membership fee.  I believe that there is still one operation in Seattle WA.  Although their prime was a few hundred years ago.","I'm new here, so I'm not certain if everyone is already aware of this,    \nbut you could also read/download free public domain books from [Project Gutenberg](http://www.gutenberg.org/wiki/Main_Page).","Oyster is s subscription book service too.","in the Netherlands they do","don't amazon do this?","Person: \"I want to create Netflix for books!\"\nPublishers: \"Fuck Off!\"\n\nIdea dead.","So....a library.","Grandma! Oh, I thought this was about a library.","I guess they COULD, but since it is through public funded libraries I doubt they WOULD. Their whole model seems to be like a normal library, except with digital material. Libraries are fucking awesome, and it doesn't make sense to charge a fee for checking out digital materials when there isn't a fee for checking out physical copies. On the other hand, there are no late fees for Overdrive, so I guess it might make sense to add in a small fee, but I don't see it happening.","You means library?","Library and chill","So... Like audible?","Hoooooot pocket ","And if it's really like Netflix's DVD service then you can keep it as long as you want and pick damn near any book.  I've yet to see a book I want actually available at my county library system, you have to reserve pretty far in advance.","the library?","If it didn't have my name so obviously attached to it, I would totally give you my old library information, so you can use Overdrive.\n\nBut you might be an axe murderer. ","About 15 dollars a year, yes. I live in a European country.","It depends on your library. I've seen the Overdrive catalogues of three libraries (keep moving to new areas) and the quantity and quality of the library varies greatly- because the library has to pay for each book that's available through Overdrive, and the librarians decide that.\n\ntl;dr one library decided that trashy romance was mostly what people were getting out so they'd get more. ","Do we really even need a Netflix for books? Plus, hard copies are better generally.","Now we just need to find a way to hate Canada.","They're thinking of passing a law that restricts free speech. ","We are? \n\nAlso we have free speech? I'm pretty sure we dont have free speech. Being racist can get you arrested. ","Oh I think I'm mistaken. It's only a province I think. Saskatoon?","It's a city: http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/derek-james-from/saskatoon-bullying-bylaw_b_9523976.html","With their beady little eyes and flopping heads so full of lies.","I think it is a great idea, they can work side by side. You just have to find how they will compliment each other.","Most have fees.  They're called property taxes.  ","So no direct fees for a user, but taxes over the whole of the population? \n\nOver here you have to pay for a subscription to a local library + a separate fee per book that you want to loan. Unless you use the library *a lot*, it's not worth going to the library.","That's a shame, libraries in the US are a wonderful resource for the poor, especially for those who don't have access to a PC or Internet at home. ","That sounds the way I would like libraries to be.\n\nOne positive thing to note: as long as you're under 18 you can use the library for free.","&gt; a separate fee per book that you want to loan. \n\nWhat? Admittedly I haven't lived in the netherlands for years, but that's the first time I've ever heard of a fee being charged to take a book home. \n\nJust had a look at the website of the last library I used over there, and that still seems to be the case. Books (and e-books) are completely free with a membership (only €35 a year). Only thing they charge you for is DVD's and games, €2 for 2 weeks. \n\nTotally worth it imo. I actually really miss Dutch libraries, the local ones around here are terrible in comparison. ","I think there is some variation between libraries, but both the library in my last city of residence as well as the library where I live now have a subscription per year as well as a fee per book. \n\nThe library system here has a 3-star, 4-star and a 5-star subscription system where the higher your star level, the less of a fee you pay per book, but the higher your yearly costs (the 5-star system is €61.95 a year!). The 5-star rank has no fees for loaning books, but the others do. This means that the lower star ratings make you pay less a year - except that you'll still pay a sum of money nonetheless + fees for an individual book. So it's only worth it if you get the 5-star system and loan several books a month, because the fees per book will eventually make the lower star systems more expensive than just getting the 5-star subscription.\n\nEven if you only want a single book or two (like I did), you'll still pay the absurd subscription fee because there is no other way to get just a few books. This isn't worth it if you're a low-key casual user. The American system at least allows you to go to the library and get a few books without paying an absurd subscription fee up front nor any fees per book. I'd much rather have that system than some overpriced subscription that I'll never get my money's worth back.","Just had a look at four library websites, Almelo, Leeuwarden, Alkmaar and Dordrecht. None mention a charge for regular books, so yeah guess it's only in really densely populated areas that they charge that much. \n\nComplaining about the subscription charge when you only wanted two books doesn't really work though. Netflix would be ludicrously expensive if you only watch one movie per year, but I don't see anyone complaining about that. \n\nDon't mean to be all argumentative, guess I'm just a bit jaded. The city library I used in the netherlands had a selection of a few million books. Whenever they didn't have something you wanted, they'd have it sent in from another library. If they didn't have the book because it was new, you'd just ask nicely and they'd buy a few. \n\nThe regional library was the same, just on a smaller scale. Nice clean, light and modern facilities, decent computers and a good selection of other materials and services as well. Honestly, it was pretty great. I'd gladly pay double €61.95 a year to have that here, instead of the small dark room with 8 bookshelves and 4 ancient computers that's supposed to be my local library here. ","&gt; Complaining about the subscription charge when you only wanted two books doesn't really work though.\n\n\nIt does if you can compare it with the American system where I could get those two for free instead of paying 30 in subscription + 1 euro per book.\n\n\nThe facilities are good, but too expensive for a casual user. Not to mention I mostly read english books anyway &gt;.&gt;. As an unemployed ex-student, that's *way* too expensive for me.","Well yeah free is always nice. But your American peers would probably gladly pay that fee to switch student debts with you.","That's actually really sad. I loved Libraries as a kid, and they still hold a special fondness, even if I don't need them much anymore.\n\nMaking it cost prohibitive for the poor or young seems to defeat the purpose of a library.","I posted this in another comment, but it's free for people under 18.","Oh, well that's better at least. ","Yeah, I did enjoy libraries as a kid. I don't use them nowadays because 1. I only read in English &amp; 2. They don't have new releases (unless they're Dutch &gt;.&gt;) &amp; 3. I won't really get my money's worth due to points 1 and 2.\n\n","Not entirely true. \n\nMy local library (Bergen op Zoom) charges a membership fee, and depending on what tier you're subscribed to, do you need to pay extra, but that's only for DVD rentals. (cheapest few tiers ask 2 euro per DVD/CD/Blu-ray)\n\nEbooks and paper books are free (though on the cheapest tier you're limited at 20 transactions per year, meaning loaning a book or extending a book loan)","I expanded on it in a [different comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/4g7vk2/the_woman_who_is_trying_to_create_a_netflix_for/d2fj5mh), but the prices appear to be different according to the library.\n\n","That's a solid 'VLI' moment for me. I'd have expected the libraries to consolidate a bit more in order to get better licensing deals. ","How has no one mentioned [openlibrary](https://openlibrary.org)? Seriously a great resource for borrowing books and a ton are free. Also [project gutenberg](https://www.gutenberg.org/) and [project muse](https://muse.jhu.edu/). All free.","Books n' chill?","That was his point. ","Ooh, I can't wait to binge Tolstoy.","It'd be cool to see a program similar to TV shows airing new episodes where every week a new chapter of a book is released via an app. I feel like it would create a greater community for discussion the way that people talk around the water cooler about the last night's newest episode. ","Isnt amazon already doing this?\n\ndoesnt work very well since books take weeks to read, unlike music and movies.  Pretty easy to know if the subscription price is saving or costing you money.","Colin Jost?","Finally somebody gets it.  The publishers still hold the strings.  Even Bezos hasn't been able to jerk control away from the big houses yet.","They do. What's really weird about the whole thing... was the Scribd team not aware of that? They had to sign the contracts first, did they not? I wonder what the hell was going on behind those scenes.","Nor should he.\n\nWhy is it that Reddit believes publishers (people who carry the costs and risks to produce books) are bad guys, while Amazon (a Wall St. propped anticompetitive mega-retailer) is the good guy?\n\n^edit: ^a ^word","I will be the crazy person and say that I would love this service. I like it that I can get DVD's by mail (old school Netflix, I know) and send them back. I don't want to pay $15 for each movie only for it to sit on my shelf and maybe I'll watch it every once in a while. \n\nSame goes with books, I don't want to pay for something I'll probably never read again. Also, I'm not a fan of reading on a screen so kindles and such wouldn't interest me. Audibles maybe.","&gt; This is always the top comment on things like this.\n\nThe ol' no-effort middlebrow dismissal.","http://www.johnnywander.com/comic/a-netflix-for-books","The only bad thing is waiting times for certain audio books. Some of the ones I wanted had over 30 people ahead of me.","My library charges me roughly 8 grand a year (in tuition fees).","No, it doesn't.  Your school does of which the library is a small part.","Yes. It was kindof a joke. But as an upper level grad student, who doesn't take courses any more, it does feel sometimes like i am effectively paying 8 grand for a library card an an annual committee meeting.","You pay tuition for graduate school? You're getting ripped off.","I won't get in to the details, but where i study tuition is payed partially through scholarships/grants and partially through paid research/teaching for first 4 years and then it's a bit more complicated after that. Being in fifth year myself, I pay full tuition. Thankfully the University employs me. I agree that I'm getting ripped off, but that's the price you pay for higher education where I live. Most uni students are getting ripped off in my opinion.","Sorry to hear that, here's to hoping you make it out before putting in too much of your own money. ","Oh hello mr. European with state-funded tuition. \n\nSnarky attitude aside, where do you live that grad schools don't take tuition?","I'm not European, I'm an american currently finishing my masters in the US.\n\nThe vast majority of graduate students (both foreign and domestic) at colleges in the US don't pay for school. They get assistantships that pay their tuition and give them some money to live on. My school doesn't have a ton of funding so you basically just make enough to not starve, but many graduate schools actually pay pretty well. Realistically, most people shouldn't bother with graduate school unless the school or their job is paying them to do it.","I wonder how this is any different than a service like scribd? Thats already basically a netflix for books.","Already exists; It's called overdrive (and I bet there's more of them).It links to your actual library and has Ebooks and audiobooks available for limited time download or streaming. ","In her defense at least it wouldnt be full of homeless people... i mean my house is but yours might not be","You mean a god damn library?","All my local libraries reek because of homeless :(","Huh so is scribd bad then?  I just started my 14 free days last week.","Not really \"bad\" bad, I kept my subscription for now, as they still have a handful of titles I'm interested in and would otherwise have a difficult way of obtaining... But they pulled a pretty ugly trick on their earliest customers, by promising an unlimited audiobook and book access (\"we're Netflix for books!\" they boasted, as I mentioned in the original comment) and then implementing the aforementioned token-based system (think: the Audible system) for the audiobooks, followed by a similar one for books, once they hit more solid subscription numbers. They did it out of the blue, too, dropping it a month before it was implemented. No discussion allowed. Here, take these three tokens and *go to town*.\n\nThe true kicker is how anti-consumer they were about it all: you can only accumulate a small number of tokens, so if you keep paying for the service monthly but not using those tokens up (because, say, you're offline, sick, or simply reading stuff from other services in the meantime)...you're paying for **nothing**, as the tokens will just not stack up on your account. You literally don't get any tokens, but they still take in your payment. Pretty bad, huh?\n\nAdd to that another fun little fact: if you started reading a book (or listening to an audiobook) before the token system was implemented, no matter how far you've gone into it, that book is now locked up behind the same paywall as well. You literally have to spend one of the three monthly tokens you get from them to return to the book you've read earlier, even if it's just to get a quote or finish that final chapter. \n\nTo try to muddy the waters of how they're nowhere near a \"Netflix for books\" anymore, they claim they have a huge \"free section\" that doesn't cost any tokens... But it's mostly public domain works, unknown (and often rightfully so) authors costing 20 cents on Amazon or 20-page booklets and short stories that were already available everywhere else, with a rare gem thrown in from time to time (and I do mean *rare*, like in *unicorn rare*), mostly in categories I don't care too much about, and from authors I already got on sales.\n\nAnother fun thing: ever since they introduced the changes, a lot of popular titles have become available in audiobook form only. I would search for a popular title (knowing it was already in there before) and discover it is now in audiobook form only, no ebook available, as it was removed during the shift. And the kicker? Audiobook tokens only work on audiobooks, and ebook tokens - only on ebooks, two separate things, no conversion allowed. So if you really want/need to read *that one thing* that they promptly removed from their library, you need to shoot for the audiobook... for which you most likely don't have any tokens left. \n\nAnd, of course, their DRM is still in place, so even if you manage to strategize to get that book you want in the form you want it in, you won't be able to open it up in your preferred reader or player - nope, only their primary software works with their service, and it often doesn't work well at all (i.e. my older Samsung tablet regularily hang up when listening to their audiobooks, something that never happened with any other service). YOUR privileges have been revoked, but *God save you* if you try to imply that they should remove that DRM crap and allow for other players to access the content you've already paid for... \"That's not the way it works\" is the answer given.\n\nThere was some pretty huge backlash against it all, but Scribd seems to have ignored it mostly, hoping to weather the storm. They do say \"sorry, guys, but that's life!\" basically in their FAQ now, so that's something I guess.\n\nNow, I *do* recognize where all of this came from... Their model wasn't sustainable with the contracts they've signed with the publishers (again, the enormous romance and YA readership basically consumed their budget in a single month), and they had to do something about it... But it still pissess one off, because that was *their model*, which they promised was sustainable and went around gathering customers because of it. Suddenly you realize that they might have monkeys running the whole thing, because from their launch they've been downgrading EVERYTHING all the time, without even trying to pretend they're adding anything to offset that. And, hell, they're also really cavalier about the whole thing, pretend they still offer the same value and didn't even think about decreasing their subscription prices or doing anything to actually be consumer-friendly (like removing those absurd token limits or putting actually viable content for free if they're already claiming they have some)... RARGH, BOOKHULK SMASH.\n\nNo, seriously, it's a chip on my shoulder. Whoever's running Scribd seems incredibly inept in doing so, and double so in managing their clientele's expectations. Won't shed a single tear if it all goes belly up.","I'm going to be that guy and say don't get your hopes up for Overdrive. The idea is good, but the technology is so very, very bad. I found the app difficult to use and the website outdated. That said, you still get access to free ebooks! And if your library has a good selection it is worth it. For me, my small country library has a tiny selection of bizarre ebooks they wouldn't usually stock as physical books. So it isn't really worth it.\n\nPS Still sign up to a library! They are amazing and need your support.","So much Batman","This would revolutionize college books. too bad they would NEVER go for a subscription based fee. I'd pay $150 per year to have access to my college library. ","Yes. Taxes.","Not everyone pays taxes.","Adults do. Or children who participate at all in the economy (buying shit).","All adults do not pay taxes. Many people have incomes too low to be taxed. There are also states without sales tax.","Income isn't the only tax. Neither is sales.","Lol okay sport. You're right.","I know I'm right, there's more than two types of taxes. Ever buy gas? Even in states without sales tax you'd be paying taxes.","[removed]","So like youtube...\n","I actually think it's a great idea! I'd pay the fee for it. ","Yeah, I would be surprised if this didn't catch on. It sounds like a great way to read books easily.","I don't know. Libraries technically have a fee through taxes.","So, Kindle Ultimate?","Has she heard of SCRIBD?","Reading is booring","So you'll pay to rent a library book that everyone has pooped with. You know almost all books are bathroom poo books","I used to have BookSwim here in the US. It was marketed as Netflix for books IIRC.","Ever heard of Oyster?","Never used it. I believe it went under after promising pretty much the same stuff as Scribd, right?","Oh wow. I remember using a trial for them a few months back and it was great. I didn't know they shut down. ","Yeah, just double checked. Seems so. From what I could gather from a 5 minute search, Oyster wasn't doing so well, and what was left of them was bought up by Google, their infrastructure becoming a part of Google Play Books (and thus their service and model abandoned).","As long as Chetan Bhagat and Amish Tripathi are not on it. But then again, if they were--this would be a sure shot success in India. Sadness. ","Isn't Amazon already doing this? I have Amazon Prime and I can borrow books whenever I please. This broad is LTTP.","But its not what she is making.","Your librarian can up the amount of titles per month if you bother them about it enough. I use it for graphic novels and music and 10 wasn't enough so now we get 15:","If I can get my librarian to up my number from the meager 8, you will have become my hero.\n","Depends on the publisher. ","Of course, it's just that most major publishers seem to price Kindle/paperback pretty much the same. ","Most of the books that are available on Kindle Unlimited are published through Amazon and are like $1/ea. There aren't many (if any) books from major publishers on Kindle Unlimited, so you'd have to churn through 10+ books a month to justify the $10 subscription fee, which I think is what Penguine_Plot's point was. ","Much genius going on over there.","$1 for a card.  Another $1 if you lose it.  Does that count?","They call them late fees. I call them donations. Makes me feel good about returning books late.","Libraries were not and are not always Public Libraries.  In fact, there are plenty of libraries that only admit access to students, or other selection methods.  Public Libraries are actually only relatively new (19th century).\n\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_library","If you like to read and aren't tied to a single author, it's actually a really good deal. Honestly you need to read one maybe two books a month to make it worth it. (And remember the audiobooks are free with them as well, provided there's a recording.)\n\nI think a good rule is if you go to Amazon and then browse for a new book, then unlimited is pretty good. If you browse for a new book elsewhere then go to Amazon to buy it, it's probably not for you. ","I think Kindle Unlimited Beat her to the punchline.","Last summer I had a shit job, I worked graveyard alone cleaning businesses. Normally working in solitude would be great, but I was losing my shit (I have severe depression). So I started to download and listen to books. I would go through a book series in a week. Unfortunately the price to purchase a book online is stupid. I went to the library to borrow audiobooks, the problem was the library had a very limited selection and those books had like 12 cds in them and getting them sorted and put into my phone was time consuming. I really could have used a \"Rent-A-Digital\" book service.  I still would give it a shot, although I do not have as much time to listen to them. Maybe when I'm fishing. ","A shitty library.","But Millenials will love it!","In my area of England, the public library offers Overdrive and Zinio collections. The ebooks and audiobooks expire after a month I think and the emagazines never expire - not sure what happens to downloaded issues if they pull a particular title from the emagazine collection.","A library is better. You can check out movies, books, music cds, and even video games. All without paying a monthly fee.","http://books24-7.com/\n\nhttps://www.safaribooksonline.com/ - focus computer / business books\n\nBoth of them have arrangements with libraries.\n","I remember hearing someone who worked at Scribd explaining that because of the audiobook licensing publishers demand, they had to pay 10 dollars every time someone made it a certain amount through an audiobook. They hated changing too but the unlimited model was unsustainable for them.\n\nUntil the publishers have better licensing I don't think that's going to happen.","Of course, that's what I'm saying: it is definitely a problem with licensing, and thus a problem forced on the industry by the publishers... But what I'm also saying is that people at Scribd had to either know about this problem (they did sign those damn contracts, right?) and kept pushing their marketing as *\"Netflix of books\"* either way (\"oh come on, Jimmy, how bad can the backlash be?\"), or they were incredibly, incredibly inept at handling their entire service, offer and image... Either way, it really paints them in bad colors.\n\nThe audiobook tokens came from nowhere (no previous signs they would be introduced until they landed), then the book tokens, with additional limitations on top (you cannot gather tokens - use them or lose them, audiobook tokens don't work on books and vice versa, no ability to converse between them, etc.)... And all throughout they've kept any restrictions already in place (including their abyssmal DRM and inability to use any other client to access their resources), didn't actually lower the subscription price, blatantly lying about it still \"holding the same value\" (because 3 books is absolutely the same thing as an unlimited selection of books and audiobooks)... AND, cherry on top, decimating their catalogue on the hush-hush, removing many books and pushing others to audiobook-only (because you only get a single audiobook token and need to buy more if you use that one up). \n\nI mean, damn. It would be an *okay* service if they begun in this state, but definitely not anything to write mom about (because my mom literally said *no* after learning she'd have to use their internal reader, which handles...*badly*), but doing this whole bait-and-switch and then claiming the service is of the exact same value as it started... That's some ridiculous thinking right there.\n\nIn the end, yeah, the problem with any such service is with the licensing. But Scribd should've figured that out before the claims they've made to puff up their numbers.","...or Amazon Prime. ","so.... no understanding that books are already sold online as ebooks for e-readers for a super-cheap price and PDF copies are free online with torrents?","Not at my library. Last year I actually went and signed up for a library card after multiple times of hearing the circlejerk on this sub about how libraries grant you access to this amazing unlimited supply of ebooks. \n\nThe reality was pretty sad. I got access to three shitty ebook directories, all of which looked like they were designed in the mid 90s. One of them only had public domain books (cool, but i didnt need to go through a library for that), the other two each had maybe a hundred shitty bestsellers from like five years ago, mostly trash romance and self help books. Oh, and they all required you to read either in the browser or on a mac-incompatible desktop application. Total waste of time. \n\nThat being said, I guess it's still worth it to find out if your library has a better ebook situation.","Your library just sucks unfortunately :/ it was similar for me in SC, but then I moved to Houston and then SF and the selection is awesome. ","The thing about libraries, is that *you can help*. You aren't helping a for-profit company, you are helping the community. Oftentimes, the librarians or whoever are running that project have no idea what people actually want; they usually have money allocated to those projects (albeit very small). You can directly change what sort of ebooks go into your local library circulation by helping them figure it out. ","[You're joking right?](https://books.google.com/)","A friend of mine who started his own company once said to me, \"if your idea is ever 'I am going to make the x of y' its a shit idea.\" X being something that already exists and is successful. ","wow thats just despicable. I hate that use it or lose it shit. This is why people pirate stuff.","You do pay library fees. \nThe reason why many libraries have free access or negligible fees is due to donations/charity etc (Now VC Fund) ","Yeah, I did the Kindle Unlimited free trial not too long ago and it really didn't seem to be worth the money. I ended up cancelling the trial even before it expired. ","The implications of this are profound. As your most watched books gain momentum and popularity - watch and enjoy as they get adapted to film. This may already exist via other channels like publishing houses and the screenwriter's guild, but it's the medium that is what would make it revolutionary if the functionality of the site also includes reviews, ratings, and a system that allows for sorting based on parameters like most viewed, most favorited , and other useful statistics.","Kindle Unlimited??","They already have a Netflix for books. It's called \"Kindle Unlimited\"","Though there is plenty of libraries that require a membership fee. ","Like a free blockbuster?","They should do this for college textbooks..","Sweet scam.","Netbooks and chill does not sound the same","It's called Amazon.com ","I hate overdrive, because it is a piece of garbage that makes me weep with shame that anyone actually thought it was okay to push to production.\n\nBuuuuuuuut I love Overdrive because it's free books.\n\nMan, the world is a complicated place.","I love the idea mostly because I can't get to a library.","A private library then like http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-nottinghamshire-35831853","I've tried that but it's really glitchy on my phone and I haven't found many good titles that I haven't already read. ","Why do you feel it necessary to mention that you are a woman?","No-one complains when a headline says *Meet the man who...*\n","But, sharing books is an illegal thing to be done. She cannot make a business out of it!","Oyster is always an option, yes?\n\n\n\nEdit: apparently, no. It's dead. ","Is it? I think it's closed. Responded to just another comment about it below/above.","Yeah, I just found out. Sad times. Sorry. ","So...libraries?","Looks like most of you only read the headline, because she's doing this in India.","Also Hoopla. You can get tv shows there too using your library card. ","Isn't there already Anazon kindle?","Safari Online....","Check out overdrive.  It's an app that lets you check out ebooks and audiobooks from your library at no charge. ","You still pay for the library. \n\nActually, you pay for all the libraries (in your locality). ","Taxes\n\nEdit: Oh come on. I meant you pay for free libraries indirectly via Taxes. I don't mind paying for it either. If only we had better and more accessible libraries in India.","Libraries are one of those things I don't mind paying for.","Depending on locality, it runs between $10-30 dollars per year per person in taxes *(At least based on statistics I have seen for my state from the state library)*. Not a bad deal if you ask me. It pays for itself the first time you check out a new book that'd sell for $29.99 on Amazon or Barnes and Noble. Most libraries have DVDs, audio books, and more too. And through Overdrive, eBooks and eAudios for free too.","Overdrive is the greatest thing I discovered this year.  Have your digital books sent to kindle for free!  Best part, no late fees!  They automatically return when they expire!","Just remember to check out a physical book every now and then so your library can keep their funding for things like Overdrive ;) It's unfortunate but most don't count ebook stats because you don't need a staff member to check out/in overdrive books and weeding and buying can be handled by one librarian.","Actually we don't count check outs from ebooks because the laws surrounding copyright, e-content and libraries doesn't exist. Right now we are able to purchase 1 book and check it out 100 times (for example). There is a large possibility that we could lose that and be told 1 book gets 20 check outs, or whatever average number they choose for wear and tear \"replacement '. So we like to bide our time and provide as much quality content as we can until we get told we can't.\n\nBut yeah! Visit your library! Send emails to your county officials and tell them how valuable the service is to you!","I didn't know they didn't count checkouts for virtual material. Good to know!","Oh interesting. Didn't know that tid bit.","The NYPL allows me to check out books from Amazon. I was surprised to find that out when I was looking for a certification guide.","I've listened to literally hundreds of audiobooks through the library's digital collection. That's a list of titles worth thousands of dollars!","When I take my city library's annual budget, and divide it by my city's population, I get $75.\n\nAnd good luck checking out a \"new\" book: anything less than 5 years old generally has a waiting list of at least 50-100 people, and sometimes a lot more.  You might get it this year, or you might not.\n\nIt's still a good thing for a community to spend money on, for other reasons, but it's not nearly as cheap or quick as you suggest.","Man that sucks. Your system must be under some tight constraints and ran inefficiently. Our system is $26 per tax payer and while of course there will be holds on new books, we run reports that show us when there are 4 or more people on a single title and rush buy new ones so we can get the holds under 2 for new books. Sorry to hear. :(","My library is amazing, (Boston), I can order any book online and get it relatively quickly for free, I have a friend in Atlanta who came to visit and was astonished, his local libraries are not only empty, he has to pay something like $1 to order a book. \n\nI go to Amazon and when I see a book I want, I order it online from my library and see which library in the system has it and can see it being transferred between libraries, the ebooks never have a wait and I just download it to my kindle, I get free music downloads, free magazines to my Kindle, on wiki it reads that past years around $45 per person. \n\nThere's also a ton of free classes, such as ESL and adult literacy, tutoring, as well as kid stuff. \n\nService definitely varies by region, I pay through the nose in property taxes but I more than breakeven with my library use. \n","Wow that sounds legit. We're a medium sized suburban system. I wish we could do half those things you mentioned. ","And I haven't used them, but they offer Museum Passes as well:  http://www.bpl.org/general/circulation/museum_passes.php#whomay\n\n\nHere's the main page:  http://www.bpl.org/\n\nI am really lucky, it is really an amazing resource. ","That sounds like a really terrible library..","You're assuming a library's *entire* budget comes from municipal taxes. At least in the library systems I've worked, that budget comes from a combination of (predominantly) taxes, but also late fees, donations, grants, and occasionally other levels of government chipping in.","Neither do I. I wish that they would spend their money better though. I believe Libraries should try to get as many books as possible. I think we need to radically rethink copyright law. Prevent anyone who isn't related to a creator to own copyright. It's exploitation. Also all copyrighted works need to be in a central database that contains the entire work. Every time someone chooses to enjoy the content (based on how much they consume.) the creator get's money.","That's because you're a Bolshevik. ","Or an incredibly smart capitalist who knows that the socialization of the costs to acquire the knowledge that allows me to increase my income is good for everyone. ","What, like a form of capitalism that respects democracy and prioritizes human progress? Ok, weirdo.\n\n","Capitalism is the truest form of democracy and prioritizes whatever the public values most. Beware though, it's all about what you *really* want not what you say you want. None of that \"I want to a fair world with a livable wage for everyone\" - sent from my IPhone 9s while waiting for fast food and wondering if I can get cheaper jeans at walmart or at winners.","How 'bout this,\n\n*Prioritizing what people want most* is a good description of capitalism, but there's nothing democratic about it. Capitalism in its undiluted form is just survival-of-the-fittest and might-makes-right. When you win at capitalism, your prize isn't money, it's the ability to change the rules in your favor for the next round. On balance this is beneficial to the system as a whole, but it does nothing to preserve or extend individual freedom and self-determination. \n\nDemocracy is an artificial construct we  cram our civilization into because we like to apply morality and cognition into our decisions. It requires constant meddling and an instrumentalist approach to government. It appeals to the better angels of our nature and keeps people from getting stepped on, but it does nothing to account for the basic wants and needs that actually drive an economy.\n\nGetting these two apparatuses to function harmoniously is the boulder we've all decided to push against for the rest of eternity. Every solution generates its own set of problems, no one is ever happy, and yet somehow we all keep thinking the grass is greener somewhere else.","They are 100% unnecessary and redundant. Every 7 year old with a phone has access to more than the BEST standing library. There should be only ONE central library in each city of 100k or more citizens. Thats al.","Not everyone does have access to a phone or the Internet though, that's the point. The library is not just for picking up books, they have games, films, computers, printers etc and not only that but some do courses to help with literacy, numeracy, help finding work and much more besides. They are 100% useful and needed and if anything i think more money should be channeled into them. Could not disagree with you more strongly, sorry. ","So we have to pay hundreds of mlllions for people to rent free games?? WTF.","Did you read the rest of the post or stop at the word games? Maybe you could check out what literacy courses are available near you 😉","Libraries unnecessary when 99% of the population walks around with a computer in their pockets.\n\nNo escaping it. ","&gt; Not everyone does have access to a phone or the Internet though, that's the point.\n\nTry harder.","I recently moved to NYC, In theory a digital Library for all sounds great but our modern information needs don't fit that reality. Libraries these days are more than just books, they are public spaces that provide resources, facilitate lectures and provide work spaces.","Netflix costs $10/month, you think $10/month of tax dollars (or even $1/month) goes to libraries?","It might in my area.  Our library system has its own separate tax revenue.  County can't touch it.  ","You can look it up!","Libraries cost the tax payer in the US about $10.7bn in 2012, there are 128 m taxpayers, that's $84 each per year (on average) that's about $7 per month. Not far off $10.\n\nSources: http://www.efile.com/efile-tax-return-direct-deposit-statistics/ http://www.ala.org/tools/libfactsheets/alalibraryfactsheet04","Yup, you have to pay to renew your card periodically where I live. Its not expensive (like 20 dollars) but it is for sure more than the cost of the card.","Whether you like it or not.","It's called a god damned library!","So a subscription library. ","You're not, it's crazy expensive.","Pandora also has commercials.  You get what you pay for.","Please, someone, make steam for shows instead","That doesn't explain why this is on the front page, or why people are talking about it like it's an equivalent to Netflix or Amazon or a library.   It's an app that sends you erotica every day.  Nothing in common with any of these things.\n\nIt's like no one read past the title (I know, unsurprising).","Amazon?","Not really.Netlfix replaced video stores, this would replace libraries.","libraries offer the ability to get books through device now, for free","What is the app for magazine rental?","So fucking stupid. Amazon already basically does this in a fantastic way and Google provides enough searching capability to find any info one might need in today's world. \n\nAlso, as other have said, libraries. I am sure India has those as well and hell, they are free. \n\nHmm, Seems like India is again coming up with a very \"innovative\" /s idea.","I use Overdrive and OneClickDigital. ","Aww, how adorable! Already exists though.","Like a bookstore...","The \"Netflix of books\" is already a thing. It's called Scribd.","Check out multiple libraries to. Sometimes libraries will use other library cards to expand range, and sometimes one of them has the app. I know here in new york this is done so a lot of people have a \"membership\" through a library in NYC even though theyre up in here in albany.","Oh wow. I'd never heard of Overdrive, but my library is on it. This is brilliant, thanks for bringing it up!","She will call it NetBooks","NetBoox","So, like Scribd?","Fair enough, I've been on the two book plan for forever, I don't even remember what the single book plan costs. \n\nAnd Pandora *can* be free, but as OP said:\n\n&gt; I would probably pay for a service like that if I weren't dirt-poor.","Sooo like audible","&gt; The woman who is trying to create a Netflix for books\n\n.\n\n&gt; Netflix for books\n\n.\n\n&gt; Netflix\n\nIf I learned anything this will cost 8 dollars a month or 10 dollars a month for hard cover","You can easily buy press coverage in India and it does seem like one of those websites where you can buy your coverage. Also, I think it worked for the company now that other outlets are also publishing about this app.","So like scribd, Kindle unlimited, safari books online... ","So, this is audible?","In my country, libraries cost to join. ","/thread","Why? Books are even easier to pirate than movies and shows. What a dumb idea. ","Can you PM me some good sources to search for and pirate books?","Seems like we're getting away from books with the kindle etc","This reminds me of when Amazon really only had books. ","This already exists! It's called Oyster and you can download it on the App Store! ","Don't they already have this, I think they're called **LIBRARIES.**","isn't this amazon's core fucking business ? does the author not know about amazon ? very strange that the idea got compared to netflix ","Yea... Sunny... she's not just a celebrity in India...","So basically a boon store","Don't have to get dressed tho. And no one cares that you treat showers as optional. ","You're still taking about libraries right?","Yep. :(","What a trail blazer!\n\nMight as well bin off libraries and book shops","So does she not know that Amazon unlimited exists?","Would never go back India. Good on her!","What is the free magazine app?","I'd have to look when I get home but it also required a free library sign in and they referee me to the app. So if your local library has a website check it and if they offer it they should tell you. ","Zinio","Overdrive is great for the price, but Hoopla is even better. See if your library has an account. ","It's free for me. I just heckled and do have hoopla. Thanks, I'll check it out. ","And no good books, except temporarily, unless she owns their copyright.","Meh. It's not for everyone, but I enjoy audiobooks and as far as I can tell Audible is the best deal for getting them (legitimately) if you do it right. I keep an eye out for the \"2 books for 1 credit\" sales they do, and only use my credits for books that cost more than what I'm charged for the credit(s) so I'm usually getting a $40-$50 audiobook for like...$12?\n\nPlus part of the membership is discounted costs, so if I'm out of credits and desperately want a particular book it's still cheaper than buying it elsewhere. Plus the convenience of having it all available on any of my devices, and if a book was super shitty or the narrator was awful I can \"return\" the book for another credit.\n\nAll that being said, if you don't listen to enough audiobooks to justify the cost then yeah it's not worth it. Same principle as Netflix, Hulu, etc.","Wow, a whole audiobook! That would last me like... a whole two days... and then pay for the rest?! Wow, why don't I just ... not do that because that because I'm not made of money...","Audible's 'subscription' is just a convoluted way of selling digital audiobooks.\n\n(Top tip: their 'annual subscription' is actually just a 40% discount for buying in bulk.)\n\nI read it's because they wanted to be more like the Spotify Premium business model, but publishers didn't like the idea and forced Audible to just sell individual audiobooks.","I'm confused as to what your issue is...yes it's a platform for selling audiobooks. The membership system is a little different from most I guess but the point of the membership is that you can get audiobooks through that membership at a much lower cost than buying them elsewhere. In my case, I get two credits a month for ~$24 so about $11.50/each. Most audiobooks are anywhere from $20-$60 depending on the length of the book (even including the extra 30% off retail that comes with the membership). I keep my membership going as long as I'm keeping up with the number of credits I get, and if I'm flush on audiobooks or there's no new books I want, I just suspend the account until I'm caught up. \n\nIt's maybe a bit more complicated than \"Pay membership fee, get unlimited access\" ala Spotify/Apple Music/Pandora sure, but that's because audiobooks don't really lend themselves to that model. Nobody wants to build a playlist of their favorite chapters from audiobooks to listen to while they work out. Audiobooks are kind of a one-and-done sort of thing for most, and without repeat plays that Spotify model falls apart. \n\nThough I guess now they have some streaming \"channels\" thing but I haven't had the time or desire to check that out. ","&gt; I'm confused as to what your issue is...yes it's a platform for selling audiobooks.\n\nIt's not that I dislike Audible, it's just that it's not really correct to treat it as a subscription. An Audible 'subscription' is really just a series of separate purchases.\n\nYou're not constrained to one audiobook per month, or anything like that. It's just the way they present it.\n\n&gt; It's maybe a bit more complicated than \"Pay membership fee, get unlimited access\" ala Spotify/Apple Music/Pandora sure, but that's because audiobooks don't really lend themselves to that model\n\nTechnically there *are* Audiobooks available on Spotify... just not that many. I particularly recommend Hugh Laurie's reading of Three Men in a Boat, the audiobook of the Last of the Mohicans that they have, and the audiobooks of various works by Mark Twain.\n\n&gt; Nobody wants to build a playlist of their favorite chapters from audiobooks to listen to while they work out. Audiobooks are kind of a one-and-done sort of thing for most, and without repeat plays that Spotify model falls apart. \n\nI don't see the problem. It would be like a pay-per-month 'library' of audiobooks. Not necessarily a bad idea, provided they can be even cheaper than Audible of course (as you wouldn't get to 'keep' your audiobooks).","Subscription stories, not Netflix like at all.\n","Came looking for this comment. I'm glad you are here.","Yes, like a library. But in a country without a strong publicly funded system of libraries. In a country (India) where there rupee is the national currency where the word rupee is printed on the currency note in 18 different languages, because people who read one language may not read another. \n\nThere are other reasons, but the above mentioned points should suffice. ","so like a library, which is an ancient tech?","libraries are amazing new tech.\n\nyou download the entire book in 0.01 seconds.  It is impossible to lose your connection to it.  It never runs out of batteries, is impervious to power outages,  lasts for upwards of 100 years, can be read with any technology (unlike 5\" floppy disks for instance),  and you can read it in bright sunlight.","Umm kindle unlimited?","But but it's a woman doing it.  ","Rekt","Okay, it's Amazon.","Except producers (writers) get paid fairly by users (readers), like any other market. Unlike libraries, in which producers are paid a tiny sum by taxpayers, only a tiny portion of which will actually use the product.","Like Oyster.com?  How'd that work out?  \n\nMaybe like kindle unlimited?  Already exists.  ","My library has a shit selection and everything good is checked out. ","I don't know if your library offers it but tell them to check out Hoopla, it works like overdrive but there are no holds. Plus they have movies, music, graphic novels (DC and others) and tons of audio and ebooks.","If she wants to create a Netflix for audiobooks, then I'm totally in","Or like prime sharing.","How about a Netflix for silverware?","I'm sure it was said somewhere in here, but it's called Kindle Unlimited and Amazon's been doing it for a while now. My book is on it and I actually make a good amount of money from those readers.","Basically booksee.org with a fee","Check out LibriVox, they have an excellent app.  Podiobooks.com has some good stuff.  Scribd used to be good, but no more.","So like Amazon kindle?","Podiobooks.com is free. Y you can download books with any podcast streamer, or listen from the website. Authors put there work up there for free, and some of them read it themselves. But Podiobooks had pretty high standards on quality of reading, so that's also a plus. \n\nIf you like scifi I suggest anything by Nathan Lowell. ","They are no celebrities. They hold good positions in a few reputable business and can thus engage good PR agents. ","Sunny Leone is very involved, definitely a celebrity.","Lots of libraries are free, many are subsidized through your tax dollars. At least that's what I learned in university in my library history course for my Library Information and Technology diploma. ","Have any of you guys figured out to get overdrive books onto a kindle? Not a tablet kindle, like a mobi file reading paperwhite. \n\nI'm the family designated tech guru but I cannot figure this shit out. ","No because I don't have one anymore. Sorry. :/","My library charges $4 a year. Hardly free.","Wouldn't that be a library?  Or the very least, a used book store?","You have to drive to library's, they're usually by a shitty neighborhood and they smell like old lady clothes.\nEdit* people seriously love their libraries here! ","Most libraries use Overdrive now, I've downloaded quite a few ebooks and audiobooks without ever having to drive anywhere.","This is the best thing I discovered when I got a tablet. Endless books with no need to go anywhere?! Heaven. ","You don't though. \n\nSign up for an Overdrive account. \n\nhttps://www.overdrive.com/","My library had an overdrive system, which used to work with my kindle paperwhite, but now they have changed the system and it only works with kindle fires... I don't understand why and it makes me so upset v.v","Overdrive still works like a dream with my Kindle Voyager?","I can't remember specifically what it was, but I think it made it so you have to be able to access an internet browser in order to be able to get the book or download an app or something? Which neither seem possible on the paperwhite. or maybe I'm an idiot...","If you do it on a desktop, you get to a screen where you can tell it to download to Kindle or something. It takes you to an Amazon page where you can tell it what device to send it to.","Yep, this is what I use. You can't recheck a book out though if someone else has a hold on it so you have to make sure that book is done in time. Some books are only in Overdrive though which is annoying.","Protip: turn off your Wi-Fi before your loan expires. The book is released to the next person, and you still get to finish it.","Do you mean that overdrive doesn't work with your Kindle anymore, or that your library changed to a non-overdrive eBook platform?","It's still overdrive and I cannot get it to work with my kindle anymore. ","Have you called your library to ask about it? My memory is fuzzy, but I know that recently overdrive put through an update the borked a lot of people's access to their accounts that they had to fix. I think they also did an update to better marry together library accounts with overdrive accounts that caused a lot of people to have to do a certain amount of troubleshooting to be able to implement.\n\nI work in a library so I occasionally get emails giving everyone a heads up about updates on overdrive and how to talk to customers about them, but since I don't work in a customer-facing role I almost never have to help anyone trouble shoot so I'm bad at conveying specifics. But if you haven't called your library yet to ask them about it, give it a shot, they may have a solution. I feel like I would've heard about all kindles except Fires being locked out, and I haven't.","Hu? Just checkout a book using the Overdrive app on your phone and send it to your kindle account. I do it all the time and read on my Kindle touch.","Well first I have a windows phone, which doesn't seem to have the app. But secondly I don't even know how you would 'send' it to your kindle account. You click on the book and there's an option like 'save to my amazon' or something?"," &gt;Well first I have a windows phone\n\nThere's your first problem.","If you sign in to Overdrive on the website you should be able to select your book or books you want to borrow and then it will ask for the format. You would chose .mobi and then it would ask you to login to your Amazon Kindle account. After you login you should see the books you borrowed in your account. Next go to your Kindle and \"sync\" it and it should show up in your library on your kindle. That is odd that Windows phones wouldn't have the app????","You won't have access to any books unless you also have a card from a library that has an OverDrive collection.","&gt;people seriously love their libraries here!\n\nIt is /r/books soooooooooooooooo....","Didn't realize it till you told me just now haha. Looks like I walked into the wrong bar!","Zero percent of that statement is true.","I mean...*sometimes*  they do smell like old lady clothes.","I live in Denver. My library sometimes smells like weed.","Well OK, sometimes.","I'm sorry your library sucks.  That's a bummer dude.","I love that library smell...","www.openlibrary.org","Is she going to call it \"library\"?","I keep reading this title as 'netflix for boobs'\n\n","well as opposed to taxes","I wasn't paying those taxes when I was kid going to the library every week though ","I know. I regretted this comment as soon as I scrolled down and saw it had been made 100 other times, haha. \n\nYou are right though if you are saying that the advantage to an existing library is that taxes are paid regardless so might as well use what you are already paying for. If it should be decided that brick and mortar libraries are out of date though (and A LOT more costly to run per capita) and services like this replace them (doesn't seem too far fetched) they will need revenue to operate from somewhere I would assume. Likely it could still be publicly funded for the sake of education (like Overdrive which is the real competitor here).\n\nAs far as your follow up comment about how your parents paid and not the cute and cuddly child version of your present self... I am not sure if that's a great argument. In that line of thought, food, housing, transportation, toys, super nintendo games and pokemon cards all were free as well which is not exactly the case. \n\nIn other news... isn't it crazy that we used to do that? go to the library every week and browse, read and write reports on physical books?? I had to use a payphone to call my moms beeper to get a ride home when I was finished! :)","Respect for trying but I just cant get away with e-readers or anything that isn't a physical book. Pressing a button just isn't as satisfying as turning a page.","Just get a touchscreen e-reader.","Your local library might have audiobooks you can download online (mine does). Spotify also has a pretty decent collection of audiobook \"classics\" and poems. ","You could say blockbuster was a library of movies. ","Yup, my first thought","My ex would listen to a book a week on overdrive. Frickin' nerd.","I came to say this and you beat me to it. To those saying the difference is a fee, library is tax payer funded and so we do pay a fee. Some choose to not use the service they paid for","Some even have videogames. Discovering this was a revelation to me when I was in college.","the original Pitch and concept of a commercialized home computer was to be able to store every book ever made inside your device at some point in the future.  It was thought of before digital video media was even considered to be possible.  I do hope it works out for you though. unless you found a way to deliver the books no one else has thought of. Amazon has a jump on things with air-drones","Okay, so like Kindle Unlimited? \n\nAnd they had \"Netflix for books\". It was called Oyster and it was already shut down. They also have Scribd and Audible.","Turn on Airplane mode and you can keep the book as long as you want. It doesn't mess up the loan either. The next person will get the book, you just won't have it removed from your device.","What makes even worse is that there is already a system like this, called Kindle.","So a Library ! ","So...like a shitty version of a library I have to pay for outside of my tax dollars?  Good luck with that.","I have had good luck finding audiobooks just by googling them. Especially if the author ever made his own recording.","&gt;Libraries are free\n\nLMAO","Li- li- lib- what is this word? Oh you mean bookflix?","I'd like a netflix for audio books. Audible costs too much, and you have to pay for additional books","I was thinking more like Kindle Unlimited, which let's you read as many books as you want for $10 a month. The only issue with that program is that you have to be exclusive to amazon. And you have to have an eReader. \n\nSo this, with physical books, sounds cool. ","Or you can just pirate whichever book you want and keep it. \n\nEdit: lol at the downvotes. You fools wanna support rich af publishers and make them more money then go right ahead. I'm gonna keep downloading all my books for free and give em out to whoever wants em too. ","It's so easy to get free e books. I'm not sure book publishers even go after people who dl their books. ","Yeah, but I reckon people who want to read books are the type who'd want to pay for it. (I'm basing this completely on assumption)","Obviously can't be totally true, look at torrent sites. A lot of people download ebooks, I assume they're doing that to read them. ","As someone who reads a bit slow and usually reads pretty big books, I don't mind paying $10 once a month for a book that will take me a whole month to read. ","It's too much effort for publishers to do that.","yeah i use my local library like this with the overdrive app. it's free and easy and has all that you might want. the only thing is sometimes you have to wait for stuff to be available.","&gt; We're not competing with Amazon; we're a traditional publisher who is asking interesting questions about digital.\n\nI'm going to assume something was lost in translation.","[Yeah really](http://www.johnnywander.com/comic/a-netflix-for-books)","I mean... Libraries have movies too. ","So... Kindle","Came here to say. Glad is top comment.","So, like apple books.  Or google books.  Or amazon books.","Check your library.  Mine has two thirty foot long shelves of them.","I think Amazon has already been in India for a few years, and from what we can glean in the article, Chiki Sarka's interest is in digital distribution of books for a periodic fee.\n\nI think what separates Amazon from the rest of the pack, such as Google or Barnes and Noble, is their loss leading Kindle device with free 3G.","[removed]","Netflix for boobs!  That would be aweso-\n\noh yeah, Pornhub.","And free access to Lynda.com, Mango, so many other websites. Obviously this is specific to my city. But most libraries have some perks you probably didn't know about. ","I just cancelled my subscription and use Wikipedia instead. ","Came here to upvote this.  Not disapoint. ","I think the best part about online library of books would be no late fees. :P","my kids do this all the time, through their school.\n\nIt's exactly like you think, you get the ebook for a ~week, then it is due and it automatically is \"returned\".","Also, you don't have to worry if the book is not available because someone issued it. \nEVERYONE can theoretically get a copy.","the way it works, at least in our case,  is that there are only a couple 'licenses'(?), so there are only a couple people who can borrow it at one time.  (or else, you'd never have to return it).\n\n","So like, Amazon Prime? ","Really, that changes the whole conversation going on in these chats. It's tailored for India. A majority of us are not even a part of the market the app is going for. That said it's a cool app and I'd like to be a part of the market the app is going for. To have an on-demand e-book service would be cool. ","Libraries aren't free. You're paying a monthly subscription well over $9.99 a month with your taxes..","Did she end up replying to anything...?","So kindle unlimited? ","Bookflix?","lol duh","What a simple - yet fantastic idea ... ","just call it biblioteque and peps will be crazy about the nouveau idea.","Their mobile app is horrible though, which is where I usually read my tech books. Much easier to go to Library Genesis or hardcopy than use Safari Books Online.","I've been using Safari for years now - it's not just books, they also have lots of great video series.\n\nMuch like Netflix I use Safari in tandem with purchased items - if I like something I read on Safari, I buy it. If something sucks, I might just read it on Safari.","Why is this on the front page?","Neflix for audio books would be cool. ","Netflix and chill, for bookworms","The library in my city is pretty shitty when it comes to physical books, and it costs a fee to get a card in another city. I would definitely pay a subscription to have access to a larger library of digital books for my kindle.","And movies, video games, and so much more.","I think we live in very different neighborhoods","sorry to hear that\n","nope, not like a library, it's  a virtual publishing house. So no physical books would be made, instead just read the book electronically. Like Kindle book store.\n\nI THINK SO.","More like Kindle unlimited, probably. Though hopefully with a wider selection.","So, like my library.","Yes, but it's virtual and the books are no where else\n","Does your library have between 30 and 40 books?  Then I guess so.","I think it's just for the convenience of not having to leave home to get different books at the library. Just like Netflix gives the convenience of not having to go to a video store to get a movie. I don't think it's a crazy idea.","Here here!","But they're slow. When Butcher releases a Dresden book I need it NOW not in a few weeks. ","Most libraries don't do EBooks.","A lot of them use Overdrive to manage book rentals. I connected to 4 different libraries through it. The checked out ebooks will expire after the due date. Many also support kindle access through their site.","Can you use this while living overseas? ","As long as you have Internet access and an account with the library.  I use both the San Antonio's public library eBook system and Bibliotech's and have accessed them all over the place","Wait, how do you connect with four different libraries through it??)","Your account works even when you move. I have 4 libraries from 4 cities now, connected. ","If your wi-fi is turned off on your kindle the book stays on your device until you reconnect.","Also you can de-drm it, although that's arguably dodgy","Most absolutely do now a days. More than 3/4s of all public libraries do, most people just don't know about them. The selection isn't always as good as well. \n\nEdit: After looking for a more exact number, it seems like in 2014, 95% of public libraries do. ","Is that a statistic for the US?","http://factually.gizmodo.com/95-percent-of-american-public-libraries-now-carry-ebook-1663882055","So, yes.","My library does ebooks, but the DRM is so ridiculous that you can only read them on a computer, so they're basically useless for how most people use ebooks. ","DRM is exceedingly easy to get rid of. Most of my digital library are books that I took from the library's system and ran through Calibre's DRM wiping plugin.","Actually most libraries here in the UK are on overdrive (so they do), and I dunno percentages in the US but a ton of libraries over there have it too.","Is that true? I know mine does, and I thought that most libraries in 1st world countries do do ebooks. Developing countries are another story of course, and most of the world population is in developing countries, so you may have a point. ","a lot of them do","&gt;Most libraries don't do EBooks.\n\nMine does. What's your statistical study to make that conclusion?\n\nSincerely,    \nRichard Nixon","Mine does ","That's why I said most.","Mine does as well, I thought Overdrive was commonly used.","As I already asked you - what's your citation for that? How do you know most libraries don't?\n\nSincerely,    \nRichard Nixon","A library is a blockbuster for books...","How do you get 2145 points for a comment that is completely wrong?  If it was like a library it would be interesting.  But its not.","My library already does something like this. You can borrow a book for free on your kindle/iPad. This is dumb since you have to pay for the service","That too works! Just don't highlight or write in them. ","But I can't use the pages to roll fat blunts.","coming this summer from harper collins: *\"netflix nation.\"*","I feel the same way about \"Uber for...\" ","I kind of like the now USPS slogan. \"Uber for mail.\"","God forbid a journalist takes a relatable concept and uses it to explain a new, similar thing in simple terms for a non tech-savvy reader","Yeah, I mean.. hell they could come up with a crazy concept like a digital library.  Which already exists in two major forms (Overdrive, and Kindle Unlimited in the us) and in other forms over seas.\n\nForget a reasonable and obvious term, why not let the journalist use a \"relatable buzzword\" and drive page hits.","You mean ece","The fuck is ece? Isn't that Latin? Are you the pope? "],["Dune - Frank Herbert. ","That film's art and set dressing were superb, though.","I actually vaguely enjoyed the film to be fair. But compared to the book well you just can't really","Yes, the book is way better than the film. I re-read it regularly. Funnily enough, though, the mental pictures that accompany the story when I read it, resemble the film a bit :-P","Yeh that is my biggest problem with watching a film first. I always try and read the book so that the images don't override my imagination. If you Dune. I recommend Peter F. Hamiltons Nights Dawn trilogy. It may not be your thing but it just might be!","I did read the book before I saw the film, though ;-)","I agree they were, but to the point of being distracting.  The story was neglected by focusing on style over substance in the movie.","Taking the Goodreads scores to measure the quality of books is... rather debatable.\n\nAnd as an example of a poor movie adaptation – Dr. Seuss' The Cat in the Hat starring Mike Myers.","Since I don't know much about it- is there a reason Goodreads is a poorer measure than say, IMDB or whatever?","Except for required school reading, almost every book on Goodreads has a score around 4 (+-0,5), usually over 4 (out of five stars). People tend to give 4 or 5 stars to almost book they've read. Many users do not accept the official rating system on Goodreads, namely that 2 stars is already a positive review:\n\n1 star – didn’t like it\n\n2 stars – it was OK\n\n3 stars – liked it\n\n4 stars – really liked it\n\n5 stars – it was amazing\n\nIstead, people consider a 3 stars book to be average, so there is not much room to rate a book that you've liked other than 4 or 5 (a much less than the 10 point scale e.g. on IMDb). Well, people generally tend to give high scores to every movie/book etc. they've seen/read, so this is also a problem on the other sites, but the (seemingly) short scale on Goodreads exacerbates this problem and you end up with [this](http://i.imgur.com/qpPaAtQ.jpg) ([source thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/1fqv5d/there_is_way_too_much_of_this_on_goodreads/)).\n\nOne can also explain this phenomenon by the fact that books are usually a bigger time commitment than movies, so people tend to choose books that they know they'll like.\n\nAnd also probably because of the democraphics of the users, the scores of the YA novels and romances are totally overblown and I regularly stumble upon users who stick to one these genres.\n\nI really like Goodreads as a tool to organize my books (already read, want to read etc.) and also some of the book reviews are worth reading (not the ones consisting mainly of reaction GIFs), but the ratings have very little significance.","In what universe would 2 stars mean it's more than bad.","You mean how can 2/5 stars mean that a book deserves a better score than \"bad\"? That's how the Goodreads rating system functions and I personally like it, because there are some many good books to be read that I do not want to bother with average books and I do not have any remorse lumping them with the bad ones. But looking at the [discussions](https://www.goodreads.com/topic/show/640013-the-stars---using-gr-s-rating-system) of some other Goodreads users, they seem much more reluctant to give only 1 star to a book that was not plainly terrible. Looking at my rating statistics, I am really harsh.\n\nI'm making sure that I understand you correctly because (as a non-native speaker) I would presume that \"more than bad\" means \"very bad\".","In this context more than bad would mean why is two stars higher than a 'bad' rating. English is a terrible language sometimes. ","Goodreads scores basically seem to measure \"Did this book give me exactly what I was expecting?\" As a consequence, even mediocre genre novels often get very high scores, while more challenging literary books often get slammed for having \"unlikable characters\" or an \"unhappy ending.\" To offer an example off the top of my head, [His Majesty's Dragon](http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28876.His_Majesty_s_Dragon) outscores freaking [Anna Karenina](http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/15823480-anna-karenina). Don't get me wrong: the former is a fine fantasy novel, but I have a hard time imagining anyone offering a serious argument that it is a \"better\" novel than the latter.\n\nGoodreads scores would probably be a lot more useful if there was some way to re-normalize scores within a given genre/category. ","Pretty much every one of the recent Dr. Seuss adaptations has been awful. ","True, it is hard to take most articles like this seriously. Not only are the authors not reading and watching the  content, but often have no idea what they are writing. I think \"The Martian\" would be an excellent recent example. ","World War Z","Should this even count?  Does the film have to actually be somehow based on the book, or is just purchasing the name enough?","tbh honest the production of the movie was a mess.\nIn the end they decided to ride the hype-train of the very successful book (and never fully commited to the actual plot).","I was shocked *Eragon* didn't make the top 20. Personally, I didn't love the book, but I thought it was generally well-liked. The movie was just plain awful. I guess the reason it didn't make the list is it's goodreads score (3.83) is lower than I thought.","*Eragon* was the first book I thought of too.  The book may not have been spectacular, but the movie was both a horrible film and a dishonest adaptation of the source material.","I thought it was a perfectly alright movie stand-alone. As an adaptation of the book however I can understand people being less than pleased.","Yep, they made interesting changes to the movie, like changing a long travel through the country into aimless wandering in a forest and changing dwarves into black people","Fahrenheit 451 is the worst movie adaption of a book I have seen.","The flamethrowers should be focused on all VHS and DVDs of that POS movie.","I have to admit I preferred the book *One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest* to the movie. Perhaps it was because I read it first, as a teenager, before seeing the movie. (My parents were reluctant to let me see R-rated movies but didn't stop me from reading anything I wanted.)\n\nAs good as the movie was, there was something about wrapping up myself in reading about Kesey's description of The Combine that wasn't able to be translated to the movie, and that the book was more-or-less from Chief Bromden's viewpoint as opposed to the movie which was all about Jack Nicholson.","&gt;“Apocalypse Now,” regarded as one of the best movies ever made and with a 90 on Metacritic, was based on “Heart of Darkness” by Joseph Conrad, a book that Goodreads readers didn’t love (3.4 stars).\n\nThis, in a sentence, is why I steer clear of Goodreads.","Because people have different tastes and enjoy different things?","One of the masterpieces of world literature gets a 3.4 average. That's what I mean. It isn't useful.","Honestly I believe one of the problems of rating stuff on imdb and goodreads is people rate based on how much they enjoyed the book/film.  Something like heart of darkness is really boring and pretty hard to read compared to say Ender's game.  But obviously it's an important book with some long lasting value and Ender's game really isn't.  But good reads ratings don't reflect that.  Ender's game bus probably 4.5+ ","it would be nice if they had 3 ratings available. 'overall' 'accessibility' and 'writing' or something","Yeah I thought about this but I don't really know the solution, rating art seems difficult.  ","Because people are wrong.","LOL damn dude, it must be hard being the smartest most culturally enlightened person in the room.\n\nHeart of Darkness was boring, not an enjoyable read for a lot of people. It's only important because it deals with an important period of history that no one should forget.  Just like 90% of the other books on a high school reading list.","I was being glib. But the book is good and has more universal appeal than its historical context - similar to the film it's about a descent into madness which makes it difficult reading at times. The fact that people apparently were forced to read it for school is probably why it is viewed negatively (as a user mentioned above) because they never would have chosen to read the book otherwise. In contrast trash like Twilight (and the many fantasy novels I love) receive very generous scores because only those interested in them bother to read and rate. ","I've never read The Heart of Darkness.  Why is it considered much worse than Apocalypse Now?","Many people read it in high school with a uninspired teacher.","I actually much prefer it to Apocalypse Now. Reading it in class I noticed that most people just refused to look past the racism (which isn't even that egregious). It's superbly written, especially considering that English was Conrad's third language. Then again, I watched the extended version of Apocalypse Now so I was bored out of my mind by the end.","I had been very familiar with Apocalypse Now (the regular version) before ever having Heart of Darkness assigned in High School, so I think that's why I took to Heart of Darkness when reading it, I seemed to enjoy it more than many of my classmates.","Right. We all have different reasons for liking or disliking it, but altogether it seems to be a very hit-and-miss book.","&gt; Why is it considered much worse than Apocalypse Now?\n\nI wouldn't say that the book is widely considered to be inferior to the movie, but its score on Goodreads may be negatively skewed because of two factors:\n\n1. It's a required reading in many schools, so a bunch of students forced to read a book would not be impressed by a very slow paced book written over a century ago.\n\n2. From what I've observed in the reviews, many Goodreads users are appaled by the alleged racism in the book.\n\nEdit: Formatting.","I teach Heart of Darkness. I would argue against the alleged racism. Since Conrad is using Marlow to show the horrors of what is happening to the people of the Congo.","It's not.","The stand. \n\nTried to watch the mini series and couldn't. . I don't mind shortening the story to fit a time frame,  but they completely changed the story ","The one with Gary Sinise and Molly Ringwald? I liked it. How was the story changed? ","I can't remember all the details off the top of my head,  but character roles, and some plot points changed completely. ","I had the opposite view. I thought it stuck to the book well enough (it being a very long book). The only role I was not thrilled with was Flagg, but I thought the others were spot on. Or maybe it was because I still have a thing for Molly Ringwald.... :-)","Did you read the original book or kings updated version,  or whatever he called it? . .  I read the updated one ","The Martian. \n\nThe book does a much better job at showing how fucked Watney was and is much more tense, because they keep reminding you of everything that can go wrong. \n\nThe movie was good but IMO it doesn't do as good a job as the book. ","I disagree based pretty much on the same points you made. I found the book to be forced with the author trying to much to create intensity by sharing too many details in the wrong places and not enough in others. He also tried to force humor too much and, by focusing so much on the situation, the main character ended up one dimensional with the least depth of the characters.\n\n\nI thought the movie did a much better job relating the actual gravity of all of the situations Watney and the crew went through and made for much more believable characters.","That's fair enough. I felt that the movie rushed through the problem, but I can see what you're saying. ","My sister's keeper by Jodi Picoult\n\nThe fault in our stars by John Green","I, Robot. ","Upvoted for no click through gallery.","I Am Legend by Richard Matheson","The Time Traveler's Wife.","Percy Jackson and the Olympians the Lightning Thief and then Sea of Monsters","**The Giver** by Lois Lowry. Now let's hope they never adapt Number the Stars...","Another one I thought of is- The Book Thief by Markus Zusak. Again I kind of enjoyed the film but truthfully thought it wasn't a patch on the book at all. ","Breakfast of Champions. Hardly anyone remembers the Bruce Willis/Nick Nolte adaption to a great book. I haven't seen it, but it seems pretty terrible.\n\nAnd Apocalypse Now can *hardly* be called an adaptation of Heart of Darkness. It loosely follows a \"trip up a river\", but nobody should confuse them for being the same story.","I came here expecting to find *The Golden Compass* already listed.\n\nAn extremely good book, a movie so bad they didn't make the rest of the series.","Watchers - Dean Koontz","The Last Unicorn by Peter S. Beagle","Considering how much direct involvement Peter had with the original production of that movie I'd say it's very, very far from, even opposite, \"extreme case.\" The only reason that the book is better than the movie is that it's quite difficult to express some things visually that are easy to write in words.","You've caught me just bringing up my favorite book when it's marginally relevant. You're right about it being close. ;_;",":D, just so as we are clearly on the same page.","What are you reading now? :)","Er...Mary Brown's \"Master of Many Treasures\" which is the third book in the \"Pigs Don't Fly\" books.","I thought both were fairly predictable in the sense that it read like typical holloywood fare where you know they will continue to barely scrape by all the convoluted obstacles put in front of him with absolutely zero character growth.","Let's not forget Dark Places.\nNot a perfect book but miles better than the film.","I surprised Deathly Hallows part One is on the list. It's one of my favorite HP movies.","It was a lot of set up for the better part of the story, that's kind of the feeling I had after watching it. ","What FiveThirtyEight has done is show that YA books make terrible movies. That's about all that can be concluded here.  \n\nPerhaps also that great literature is easier to consume in film format, and when fans then seek out and read the source material, they may find themselves overwhelmed and abandon it. ","Love in the time of cholera - Marquez","I find this is usually the rule. For me the only exception so far has been American Psycho, where I preferred the movie bc I felt the book eventually just became mundane in its beating you over the head with its message.","Every time someone says the book is **always** better than the movie, I tell them to read *Forest Gump* and then reevaluate that statement. That book was...different.","Fight Club is a better film than the book IMO.","Man, I trust meta critic because it compiles people who actually know what they are talking about and have a true study of film. Good Reads is no more accurate than a Tumblr blog. Comparing the two is so ludicrous, I don't even know what to say. ","Cormac McCarthy's All The Pretty Horses, adapted by Billy Bob Thornton ","Alan Moore's From Hell. The book is one of the finest graphic novels ever written and shows how the art form can be used in ways that regular novels can't.\n\nTo call the movie a pile of shit would be an insult to stacked feces.","Doctor Zhivago, 1965 version. I don't *hate* it...but lordy, after reading the book it just isn't good for me.\n\nThat score on the other hand...♥","The Bourne Identity is a weird one.  Great book, great movie.  Two pretty wildly different stories though. ","I'm baffled the author didn't know The Graduate is a novel. I read it in English class, assuming it was more or less an American classic.","Well not everyone was in your English class.","The point being, if your school picked 10 American books and bought 30 copies of each, you kinda assume they are all well known.","Starship Troopers\n\nEnder's Game\n\nSlaughterhouse Five\n\nJurassic Park\n\n","I almost said Jurassic park tbh. I saw the film first and absolutely love it as I'm sure most do. But then I read the book and just thought that they literally just have dinosaurs and character names in common. The book is totally different and kind of better in a different way"],["I get why they'd use Shakespeare, but I find it kinda strange that they'd choose B. Potter over one of the Bronte sisters. Didn't they have a way larger impact on English literature?","How about Tolkien or Terry Pratchett? Well, maybe if enough people write in, they could rotate them a bit and include more authors. Here in Germany we are currently having a series of 2€ coins for each German state. Every year at least 1 new 2€ coin is minted for a new state. We also had special editions for the anniversary of German unification. Those aren't just editions you'd find in the albums of collectors, but you'll find these in circulation very frequently. \n\nI think that's great. Why not make money a little nicer and less mundane.","Beatrix Potter was very influential in the creation of children's literature as we know it today and many of her stories have gotten so ingrained in popular culture that we sometimes forget they are literature and not authorless folktales -- the story of Peter Rabbit, for example.","Wake me when they feature Harry Potter ","One of the benefits of not being in the Euro Zone.","Some Euro coins get to have various country-specific things on them. Harps on Irish coins, Eagles on German coins, etc. Some of them even have people -- some Belgian 2 euro coins have their king. These are all just decoration and the coins are valid anywhere in the Euro zone, though.","I was upset when i first read this post, mistaking potter for lestrange...im a nerd","It's been a while since I've read Harry Potter, who was Beatrix again?"]],"Damnthatsinteresting":[["What does it do?","Go where the wind takes them, riding the breeze with their little sails, that's what they do.\n\nAlso, they sail into your surf spot in giant blue sheets, and while they seem harmless, the tiny stingers are just enough to mess up your tender bits when you touch them with your tough fingers, pincushioned with microscopic nematocysts.\n\n[Also, can be an awesome band from Seattle.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4VnIawUckvw)","I'm so glad tender bits didn't end up being what I thought it was when I first got to that part of your comment. People have no business putting their what I thought you meant as tender bits to these poor little guys. ","The tender bits are what you thought.\n\nHe means you touch them with your tough fingers (so it doesn't hurt) and your fingers are filled with the stingers, then you touch your fingers to your bits.\n\nLike the pepper chain.","So that horrible feeling after you slice up habanero peppers without gloves and go hit the head without cleaning your hands really well.  Then again.  And once more even if the sound of running water is starting to really hurt your bladder.\n\n\nFuck. That.","I wish I didn't know exactly what feeling you're describing. \n\nI wish even more that I hadn't experienced it multiple times. ","I've experienced it multiple times too. At least now I know it's because of spices and not dick cancer or something.","What's awful is when you assume it's all washed off and find out the hard way it isn't. \n\nThat's why I bought gloves. ","Are the gloves for cooking or masturbating?","Why not both? ","Touch the inside of your nose. It will sting a bit, but not much.\n\nSource: used to make my own hot sauce.","Ive been there... Its the most amazing thing driving into Seattle from the East. Just never ending Boreal forest up and down, with hills and valley so steep you can feel the pressure changes on your ears.\n\nThen your on a bridge, in front of you, you see a huge mountain carved out with a tunnel for the road with homes and apartments interspersed among the trees. Im from a very Flat place, South Florida. Once you go through the tunnel you exit in the city, and wow. Its nothing like Miami, which is a huge sprawling Urban area, Seattle seems as if its packed into a small region, I was surprised by the population. \n 5/7 would move to Seattle if it had less Homeless people. \n\nThis music makes me feel like I'm in Seattle.","Thanks for the spoiler, I was hopeing it shit pure bliss.","I'm digging these tiny jelly tunes","&gt; tough fingers\n\nI read that as 'touch fingers' and thought \"well, I suppose you could call them that...\"","that is how a velella do.","groovy tunes","According to [the pictures here](http://www.oregonlive.com/pacific-northwest-news/index.ssf/2015/04/throngs_of_blue_jellyfish-like.html#incart_2box), it looks like they take over the world or something!","[Remind me of pre-discworld Discworld books](https://books.google.co.uk/books?id=W8X1GN9Oa9MC&amp;pg=PA10&amp;lpg=PA10&amp;dq=dark+side+of+the+sun+shell+dagon&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=E4fpbXkmsG&amp;sig=5F3snqZ3amHojWXyGWSj0ZuQbys&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjy-42GiqfMAhUEMZoKHebOC1UQ6AEIETAD#v=onepage&amp;q=dark%20side%20of%20the%20sun%20shell%20dagon&amp;f=false)","I don't think that The Dark Side of the Sun is in the same universe, but Strata almost certainly is.","I didn't know how else to describe it :/  ","No worries man.","Mostly, they seem to die on my nearby beach.","Well it majored in cultural anthropology but then switched to a double major with education, and then worked for a while in a pre-k facility before doing a stint as a freelance yoga instructor. Last year, it was working for a friend who had opened a frozen yogurt shop, but that didn't work out, so it's kind of between situations now, you could say. It has been thinking about writing a screenplay.","Jellyfish. Look at the Google images - très cool.","Tenta cool","Tries to kill us all.","About 100,000,000 of these washed ashore in way far Northern California two summers ago. ","[san diego, too](http://i.imgur.com/PsLzhSj.jpg)","that's a big meaty one","[Yup.](http://imgur.com/VSIyRqT)  It was pretty cool!","Last spring they were everywhere on the Washington coast. I had no clue what they were ","Isn't the world interesting?","I'd say its damn interesting.  I ran into a trucker I met in Cheyenne, Wyoming earlier tonight.  Such a strange little world we live in.","Ran into my first girlfriend again recently. Fifteen years later and a thousand miles further away, after we'd both changed our friend group entirely.\n\nSmall world.\n\nTurns out we still get along pretty well.","So... did you bang? ","Nah. I'm married, she's got a boyfriend.","Bang it","Well thanks for the closure anyway ","So are you the boyfriend or is she the wife because either way, one of you is being an asshole","I feel like one of us is missing something here.\n\nI *think* it's you, because the answer is \"no\", three times over.","Or maybe you should look up. Perhaps you'll see the dusty trail of a joke that just went over your head","awww...you have some mental illness huh?","What?","I bet he was mad when you ran into his rig.","There was a fuel pump between us.  We're cool.","Do you live in Cheyenne? Not that impressive","Nope, I used to live a couple hundred miles north, now a hundred and change south.","They smelled disgusting too.","Oregon, too.","They wash up on socal beaches seasonally. They dry up and look like vellum leaves","I think you mean condoms. They look like condoms.","I guess you have a point.  ","I think the whole coast i was in Ventura august 2014 and they were all over the beach.","Aw no way, I totally missed that","Saw them there too. Their dried little remains fly around when the wind picks up. They look like bits of saran wrap when dried up. ","I was in So Cal a few weeks ago and they were everywhere on the beach, I thought it was some kind of jellyfish so I was being careful to not step on them.","They are a kind of jellyfish according to multiple comments.","On the Central Coast, Pismo beach, too. ","Last year too","Thousands of those showed up all over the beaches in Ventura, CA last year and now I finally know what they are. Thanks!\n","Ahh what really? I can't believe I missed that. You'd think it'd be in the local news or something. Hopefully they come back.","They're seasonal. You probably have some wash up every spring but not in such big numbers. 2014 was just a huge season for them, didn't stop washing up for weeks in large numbers. They rot in the sun though so consider yourself lucky. They aren't so neat looking once they wash up.","Ahh thanks for the info. Yea, hopefully I'll be able to see them one day when they're not rotting.","Sometimes i'm positive Aliens are all around us and we don't even recognize them.","All these animals are aliens; we're just cool with them cause they are from Earth","Not exactly true, because all animals operate on DNA. Aliens probably don't, but who knows","What? How would you even come to that conclusion?","I would highly doubt that alien life is exactly the same as it is on earth, but like I said who knows","I found some of those on the Atlantic coast of Florida a couple of years ago. They are like little inflated jellies.  My Aussie friend called them bluebottles. ","Different jelly","You're right. A \"bluebottle\" is a Portuguese Man o' War. A velella is much smaller.","Portuguese Man O Wars are way more dangerous than these","Tell that to 6-7(?) year old me.\n\nI tried to wear these fuckers as a coat and that shit sucked, however the entire coastline was covered in these enormous aloe plants so I learned two things that day.\n\nAloe is the shit and not to fuck with Portuguese men; of war or otherwise...","/r/thathappened","6-7 you was kind of a dumbass.","If this were true, aloe wouldn't have helped and he would have most likely died at that age.","Thought he was talking about covering himself with velella. Yeah, from what I've heard a man'O'war coat would probably be a whole different kettle of hydrozoans.\n\nSo for future reference does aloe do anything for any jelly stings? I don't really have jellyfish issues where I live so I wouldn't know.","Aloe works by forming a barrier between damaged tissue and the air.\n\nJelly stings are neurotoxins embedded deep into the tissue. Which is why the peeing on it thing is bullshit too.","I was a kid and my parents told me it helped. Fucking forget this shit lol.\nEveryone's lying to you guys huh.\n\nI'm South African/Canadian and this happened near Knysna on golden beaches surrounded by aloe. I was a fucking kid and I GOT COVERED IN THAT SHIT! \n\nWe call them \"Blou-Blaasies\" not \"Portuguese Man-o-war\" but their the same species. ","Idk man blue bottles arent that bad,  pretty much everyone I know has been stung by one here in Australia, they hurt like a bitch but can only really kill you if you have an allergic reaction.","So what would you say wearing a jacket of them at 6-7 years old would be like?","It was hyperbole jackass.\n\nMy neck down to my tiny ass legs were covered in these perfect swollen highways.\nThere were fucking thousands on that beach and you swim through those bitches on your way back to shore.\n\n","Shh. I was obviously just lying for the points.\n\nNo one has ever actually stung by these.\n\n/s\n","And neither one of them is an actual jellyfish.","Thats a man of war, those wash up on florida every year. DONT TOUCH THEM, the stingers are just as shitty as jelly fish. Well I mean do what ever you want, but if you get stung its not going to be fun, and peeing on it doesn't help. ","I saw these in Tofino a lot never knew what they were; thought of them as blue condoms haha.","I thought they were those dishwasher pods. I was so confused why there were hundreds of dishwasher pods on the beach. After about an hour I figured it out. ","I just visited Tofino and wondered what these things were. They were everywhere.","can you eat them","Technically yes, but you probably wouldn't want to","What about the sand?","Yeah you can eat the sand","but you probably wouldn't want to","It's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere.","What about the sea water?","Eat it? No. You can only drink it","But you probably wouldn't want to.","Water water everywhere so let's all have a  [drink](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Go2qFO2IWog)","Asking the important questions.","You can do anything if you set your mind to it.","don't let your dreams be dreams","Yes, but only once. ","Is this the thing that inspired the students from that other wizarding school? ","Saw thousands of these at Ocean Beach in SF last year!\nMixed delighted wonder and sadness, seeing them all washed up like that. Beautiful intense blues and purples!","Looks like a baby Portuguese man o wae","AKA a \"by the wind sailor\"","Gluten free","I can picture 4 of those with pineapple and onion on a kebab over the bbq.","Being the only species in your genus is not necessarily very rare. ","can you give examples?","The search term to are looking for is monospecificity. \n\nhttps://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monospecificity\n\n\nThere are many examples. It is not uncommon. ","No, but it makes for a good title.","Not rare in abundance, but evolutionarily distinct which is a whole another level of interesting!","That's my point. Distinct at the genus level is common and not that significant. ","So why do we glue them to the inside of soda pop caps?","Here is a word cloud of every comment in this thread, as of this time: http://i.imgur.com/k9H8sjz.png\n\n---\n\n[^[source ^code]](https://github.com/Winneon/makeswordclouds) [^[contact ^developer]](https://reddit.com/user/WinneonSword) [^[request ^word ^cloud]](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=makeswordcloudsagain&amp;subject=Requesting%20word%20cloud.&amp;message=%2Bcreate%20REPLACE_THIS_WITH_A_REDDIT_POST_PERMALINK)","[nature is damn clever](http://i.imgur.com/W8YZoKc.jpg?1)","Hey! A lot of them invaded a beach a year ago, but I thought they were just jellyfishes... Thank you, I wasn't going to think that I would have found them here, they puzzled us for some time!","Looks like a gem shard, which is trying to take form... I would stay away from it.","Those kinda look like those suction cup jelly things that wash up on our beach all the damn time.","Velellas often present  in big numbers ashored on italian beaches, recognized by the rottish smell, brought by the south wind.\n\nSome times dump to load a whole truck.","It would be cool if they could rotate themselves to pick up the wind and go the direction they want.","Also known as \"by-the-wind sailors.\" ... They sometimes wash up in large numbers on the beaches of San Francisco, puzzling passersby with their vivid blueness.","I saw a bunch of these floating around the shore in Saint tropez, always wondered wtf they were, thanks! ","[These things are pretty neat] (https://youtu.be/ZJGO_bSsR3w)","http://imgur.com/kbQ0DMu  these were on the Oregon coast last year. So many of them. ","I remember going to the Oregon coast a few years back and seeing hundreds of these washed up on shore. The may have been a slightly different species, the coloration was different (more of a purple tone) and they were a bit larger. I always thought they were some form of Jellyfish, but now i know they are their own thing. ","A tiny *Abyss* or *Stargate Atlantis*","What does the zoan part mean?","Oh, I thought it was a finger.","Eat it ","I have seen thousands of these guys surfing in Norcal over the past few years. None this year though. ","Hydrozoa - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hydrozoa\nHydrozoa (hydrozoans, from ancient Greek ὕδρα, hydra, \"sea serpent\" and ζῷον, zoon, \"animal\") are a taxonomic class of individually very small, predatory animals, some solitary and some colonial, most living in salt water.\n\nIOW you still don't know WTF they are. ","Alien sperm","i would def think thats a man o war and try to bury it or stay away from it at the beach. source: been stung too many times by man o war","\"And when there was no crawdad to be found, we ate sand.\"\n\n\"You ate sand!?\"\n\n","Saw these this year during spring break in Miami. That or used college kids condoms..... Not sure. ","I saw a pube on that she's finger and thought \"awwwww gross man!\" \n\nBut it was on my phone screen...","Velella sounds like a brand of sanitary pad","It's just a Portuguese manowar. ","The first picture is a vellela, second one is a Portugese Man o' war. Although similar, they are not the same! http://i.imgur.com/zWYRI00.jpg http://i.imgur.com/IYvyHbl.jpg ","Ahh you mean a blue bottle. ","This looks more like a blue condom","It can be called a blue bottle or a man o war, either is correct","Yeah I know just representing the land down under.","Ken oath ","This picture looks kind of like a killer iceberg."],["This is why pilots are freaking amazing. "," Can pilots control the angle of the rear landing gear?","Nope","Question. Do the wheels pivot?","The front wheels on some planes can pivot for low speed taxiing but they are locked in the forward position for landing.","Those are some tough wheels to take that kind of abuse.","They are very, very tough wheels.","Also why it's essential to use the exact correct grease for the bearings.","What a beautiful land ","Go home plane, you're drunk.","As a pilot (recreationally, rather than professionally so they may be taught differently so I don't know for sure) this actually is not how you are supposed to land in a cross wind. You should stay parallel to the runway so the wheels are aligned with your direction of travel and land tilted into the wind. Also, in general, all wheels should touch the ground simultaneously. Even In a crosswind, the front and rear landing gear should touch as simultaneously as possible for the most control on the ground. Now, often landing in a cross wind, you often land tilted so one side (left or right depending on direction of wind) will touch the ground before the other but front and back should be the time. \n\nTldr: this is actually not how you're suppose to land in a crosswind. ","[deleted]","Have fun when you go off the runway or ground loop.","This is false. With crosswinds it's better to angle yourself, you become more aerodynamic and will keep the plane straight on the runway. ","Well have fun destroying your landing gear and also going off the runway by not having your wheels pointed down the runway. ","Rear landing gear are designed to sustain these kinds of stresses. This is a proper crosswind landing. ","Probably due to learning In an aircraft built in 1942. All I know is this completely contradicted what I was taught and my instructor was a military flight instructor. ","Taildraggers are completely different beasts...  Planes these days don't ground loop.","Tail draggers are still made and regularly flown. All real pilots also prefer them. ","You're missing the point. The plane here is not a tail dragger.","Or you're missing the point. I said it completely contradicted what I was taught from all of my flight school. It still contradicts that no matter what you say. Also, no matter what you say, side loading landing gear is very bad and having your landing gear pointing away from the runway is also bad.","So would you prepare the alternative which would be the plane nearly missing the runway and facing the grass when landing. ","What kind of planes do you fly?","Boeing Stearman is what I learned in and most my time is in. ","There are several options for landing in different severities crosswind. I believe this one is called crabbing. "],["Send all the love to /u/starkknives. He is the one who made this!","[MFW](https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/2015-02/5/11/enhanced/webdr10/anigif_enhanced-27008-1423154211-2.gif)","What's with this guys' fingers? Looks like he also tried dipping his hand into the acid.","I thought damascus steel just looked the way it looks, not that it had to have its appearance enhanced."]],"explainlikeimfive":[["HDD and SSDs have different architectures. If they were a type of lego, HDD are build with a load of pieces of length one. You can put them together to make larger pieces of arbitrary length to the people who make them go for nice round numbers (500Gb, 1000Gb, 2Tb etc).\n\nSSDs have pieces that are cheaper and easier to make in length two. Not only that, but it's cheaper and easier to make a piece of length 4 than is is to make 2 pieces of length 2. That scales up in powers of 2 so 1 piece that's 128 long is cheaper than 2 pieces 64 long and way way cheaper than 64 pieces that are 2 long. The difference is so big that a 512Gb SSD is probably an order of magnitude cheaper than a 500Gb one because that would require the following pieces, 1x256, 1x128, 1x64,1x32,1x16 and 1x4. \n\nedit: spelling","I honestly think this is the best answer that answers \"why are they made in different sizes\" rather than just a load of \"this is how a HDD works, this is how a SSD words\"","Exactly. From the currently-top answer: \"*a traditional hard drive is an analog device*\"; that is ridiculous.","**CLARIFICATION:** I reply to myself here as an answer to everyone.\n\nEverything in an HDD is digital:\n\n* cable interface\n* logic controller\n* data cache\n* step drive motor\n* magnetic discrete recording\n\nPlease recheck your definition of \"analog\".","I would have been okay if they said mechanical instead of analog. Maybe that's what they meant. Technically it is analog because it's using an actual position in the hard drive for data, but I've always grouped Analog vs. Digital with A/V signal processing.","It's not in any way analog. The arm moves in discrete steps in individual tracks reading 1's and 0's from the track.\n\nPeople may be confused because the action is similar to a record player which **is** analog but that's because the tracks have an actual analog signal engraved into the vinyl","Analog as in the data is stored physically and there is a moving part in order for it to function.\n\nIn any way I agree that analog is the wrong word to use because as you can see it's confusing, hah!","It shouldn't be confusing. Mechanical movement of the read head doesn't make it analog or digital, the type of data it's reading does. \n\nCD's, dvd's and hard drives are digital because the values are discrete steps, records are analog because it's an infinitely varying signal level with no discrete steps.","All signals are analog. We do our best to discretize everything to high or low in digital systems, but nothing in this world behaves in a perfect binary way. When you really scrutinize a digital system, it's easy to get confused about analog vs digital because digital is just an abstraction of reality. Reality is analog.","Tapes are a perfect example of your point. The most recognized tape formats are analog, but most manufactured today are for digital archive purposes. The physical principle of reading a signal from magnetic tape is the same for both digital and analog formats, just the circuit attached to the read head is different, and cartridge format changes to allow for better control of position in digital tapes. ","I love that, just arbitrarily different enough to be called something else. Same goes with biological evolution. There was a genetic ancestor to the meerkat that kept giving birth to offspring with slight variations until enough variations were present to arbitrarily call this a modern day meerkat and that something else. \n\nPoor humans on our little dust speck. We do what we can with the tools we have to comprehend the world around us and it's pretty incredible. ","A square wave is still analog regardless of its digital representarion. But to be fair, at the physical level its all analog. Digital only exists in our minds and via math.\n\nThere are plenty of analog processes occuring with a hard drive and a ssd, although a ssd is probably  \"more\" digital.","If I design a storage system in which I have cups of water which are only either full or empty I would describe that as a digital storage system because the system operates in one of two discrete states.\n\nAt the same time, at some level, every digital system is making an analog measurement. In my example above, the analog measurement is whether the cup has enough water to be counted as \"full.\" In a HDD, the analog measurement is whether the magnetic encoding has sufficiently strong waveform. In an SSD, the analog measurement is whether a floating gate has sufficient charge.\n\nThe output of this system is unquestionably digital: it is either true, or false. However, it is also unquestionably true that all three of these systems has an analog component at some level. In fact, we deal with fallout from this kind of thing all the time. Sometimes we have a cup which we left empty which gets a little bit of water splashed into it while we're pouring into nearby cups (perhaps we didn't engineer the cup layout to sufficiently isolate the cups from each other). If we splash enough water, we might, due to our cup system being analog in nature, turn a 0 into a 1.\n\nThe same is true of both HDD and SDD technology. Yes, HDDs are obviously digital at a high level of operation and yes, the original poster was clueless. But you've overstated your position as well: everything is analog at some level.\n\nAt least as far as we know. [The question as to whether the universe itself is digital remains unanswered.](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/nova/blogs/physics/2015/10/are-space-and-time-discrete-or-continuous/)","Correct. HDD is only analog in the most pedantic sense. That is very misguided. ","There is a analog to digital converter on the read head.\nThe data is actually an analog signal stored on the plates.\nHave a look here\nhttp://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1230839","The professor for one of my sophomore EE courses would tell us \"digital is just analog with high enough gain\".","Why are Samsung SSDs 120, 250, 500, 1000 GB?","The actual amount of storage is probably 128, 256, 512, 1024. However, some is spare capacity for wear levelling and replacing defects, some is needed for information for managing wear levelling, and probably a bit of it is defective and unused.","They aren't. They just round off the numbers from 128 GB, 256 GB, 512 GB and so on.","I know this is petty, but mind your upper case vs. lower case B's. One's Bytes and ones bits and they're a factor of 8 different. Transmission speed it usually represented in bits and storage size in Bytes. \n\nNot sure why. ","I think this is not quite correct.\n\nThere is a lot of over provisioning going on with SSD's, they could just write \"500GB\" instead of \"512GB\", and use the additional 12 GB as slack space. \n\nSimilarly, HD's could be created as 512GB, but people are more used to see 500GB. ","Let's say you have a swimming pool and you want to fill it with candy.  How many pieces of candy fit?  Maybe it's 1,000,000 pieces.\n\nYou decide that you want to fit as many pieces of candy into the pool as possible without making the pool bigger, so you make the candy smaller (to your five-year-old self a piece of candy is a piece of candy, no matter what size it is).  You start finding ways to make the candy smaller and smaller until you can fit 1,500,000 pieces of candy in your swimming pool.  You tell all your friends about that feat, then you go back and try making smaller and smaller pieces of candy.\n\nThat's an analogy for the manufacture of hard drives:  there's a certain physical space that they have and they're trying to fit as many bits on a platter as possible.  When they hit certain milestones they push that design into production.  There's no preference for numbers that are nice and round in binary, so they stick to numbers that are nice and round to humans.\n\n*******\n\nNow imagine you go into the candy production business. You release a pack of candy that has 8 pieces of candy in it.  It's popular, but all the kids on the block want more pieces of candy.  To satisfy that demand you release a package that just has two of the previous packages in it, wrapped together.  This new 16-piece package sells great, so you fix up your machines to make the 16- piece packages the standard.\n\nOver time the demand for candy increases so you do just what you did before:  you tie two packages together and sell that as a new product.  Now you're selling 32-piece packages (which we know are just two 16-piece packages tied together, each of which are two 8-piece packages).\n\nRepeat this cycle several times.  As you move to larger and larger packages you streamline the packaging for the smaller packages (\"this unit not marked for individual sale\").  Eventually you're selling 64-billion-piece packages and 128-billion-piece packages (where \"billion\" here is actually 1024\\*1024\\*1024).\n\nThis is the analogy for flash memory (SSD) as well as things like RAM.  You have a design for a single bit of data storage, then you copy/paste that and add a bit of control logic and you have a two-bit memory cell.  Then you copy/paste that and add a bit of control logic and you have a 4-bit memory cell.  Repeat that process a few dozen times and you may arrive at an 8 GB memory chip.  Put a few of those on a board with some control logic and you have a 64 GB drive.\n\n******\n\nThe real key difference between these two setups is that with hard drives you have a blank slate on which you try to write as much as will fit, while with flash memory you're constructing the memory cells individually using a repeating pattern.  ","I do love it when explanations are easy enough to understand that literal 5 YOs can understand it, makes my brain hurt so much less.","[deleted]","It goes right back to basics. Computers operate on two numbers - zero and one. Everything in the computer operates on [powers of two.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Power_of_two#Computer_science) SSDs are a memory technology so they inherit this particular property of the system's design.\n\nThe reason they operate on zero and one is because it's damn easy in electronics to operate things on the basis of ON and OFF. That's the whole reason. We could have designed a computer to work on the basis of 1,2,3...10 but that would have been a less efficient design and cost a lot more money.","Still doesn't explain why there's  difference between SSD and HD storage sizes.","With hard drives, it's more of a physical storage than ssd. The storage had no reason to need that digital 1-0 setup. It stores on what sort of amounts to a bunch of tiny old music records (very eli5). Numbers, especially back when people were less savy of tech were more palatable with number like 200 250 500 and so on. That was the only real reason. The numbers sounded better to consumers than something like 128. With flash memory there was a technical reason for those numbers, though. ","So HD storage is on magnetic disks, making it so that size depends entirely on the precision of the heads. Like drawing the information on a finite plane with lines of varying thickness, the thinner the lines the smaller a space you can fit the picture in. This doesn't leave us with any particular denominator.\n  \nSSD, on the other hand, *isn't* magnetic? So it's basically just a bunch of little distinct modules that can either be 0 or 1. There aren't any heads, so there's no flexibility in storage per inch on the same medium based on head precision. This means everything is base 2.\n  \nBasically somewhat similar to the difference between vector and bitmap, yeah?   \n  \nAnd then they just apply a base 10 model of k/m/g/t half the time anyway when describing the size. Right?","You got it.","Yes!\n\nIf you have a piece of standard paper, and write on it, you can reliably write x letters before they all muddle into each other. Lets imagine you can write 513 letters per page. Lets call this a 500 letter method, because thats easier than saying 513. Kinda like how a 2480cc engine is advertised as 2.5l.\nNow imagine that with a magnifying glass you can reliably write 2000ish letters per page, thats a 2000 letter method.\nSoon no matter how hard you try, your fountain pen is just too primitive to get more than 2000 letters per page.. The ink runs and bleeds together. Turns out if you use a finer denser paper you can get 5000 letters, a thicker finer ink lets you do 10'000... A microscope and 3rd gen ink/plasticised paper lets you put a hundred thousand! A million!\n\nThats hard drives. They arrange tiny grains of magnetic material on a disc, the finer the grain and the more focused the magnet, the more information they can store.\nWhy they use round numbers is purely marketing, there have been many instances of imperfect hdd sizes, I've had 540mb hdds, but as the numbers get less and less meaningful, they choose to release as soon as they reach a round number rather than releasing a 8.5tb drive for example (tho in the server world they probably do)\n\nA ssd is like getting a single letter on a scrap of paper, and taping it to another one, then taping those to two more and on and on, doubling every time. Every year or so we gen the ability to create and read tinier bits of paper, but we are still using the same doubling system.\n\nSome ssd's have round number sizes, like the samsung evo series. They still have a power of two size, ie a 500GB evo has 512GB of memory, but 12GB of the memory cells are not used out of the box. They are either bad and permanently deactivated, or used by the drive controller to automatically replace cells which fail during normal use and extend the life of the drive.\n","I see a lot of people guessing incorrectly here. When hard drives were sold in MB, they definitely were sold in those 2 to the x sizes. \n\nThe reason is all marketing. Selling SSDs in quantities like 64 and 128 expresses how they're pushing the limits of the hardware. You can prove that it's a marketing decision just based on the fact that you can buy a 40GB or and 80GB SSD. \"Marketing\" is not a monolith, different drives are pitched different ways for different customers.","Odd SSD sizes are usually made of multiple smaller modules. Keeping the number of individual modules low saves manufacturing overhead = cheaper. ","We *did* have a computer that works in base 10, based on dekatrons: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harwell_computer\n\nEdit: I've seen it in action and it's hypnotising watching all the dekatrons spin whilst calculating with the clack of the relays as well.","Wait, we've made dekatrons? That's sheer idiocy. Someone call the Autobots!","Imagine how much simpler the world would be if natural selection had given us 8 fingers instead of 10.","Gave us two hands, that works for me. ","Imagine if everyone was far eastern and could count their phalanges. ","I want this to clack me to sleep every night. Those dekatrons look really fun to work with ","[Duuuuude](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SYpPPIsxq64&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=13m1s)\n\nTurns out 3.33333 x 3 = 9.99999. Thanks Harwell!","Wow, dekatrons are actually so stupid. It's forcing nature to obey our numbering system for no discernable reason","Hard drives operate on this just the same as SSDs do. The real answer is \"regular\" hard drives used to be listed in 8, 16, 32, 64 just like anything else in computers, too. Marketing with rounded numbers just makes things easier to sell.","That's not really true. Even if HDD's were marketed as 256, or 512, the companies selling them define GB's to be 1,000,000,000 bytes, which is *not* a power of two. Same thing for MB, which they define as 1,000,000 bytes. So the actual reality is that even if they did market them as 256 or 512, you wouldn't be getting an actual power of two number of bytes in your drive. And if you check, flash memory is generally sold like this as well. A 4GB flash-drive has around 4,000,000,000 bytes, more or less, it's never the actual power of two. And for example, the 250GB SSD in my computer is actually (in real power-of-two GB's) 232.9GB, which equates to exactly (copied directly from my drive info) 250059350016 bytes, which is just over 250 billion.\n\nThe real wrong assumption here is that all SSD's are a power-of-two, and HDD's are not. This simply isn't true, you can find tons of different sizes. There's no particular reason they commonly pick 256GB instead of 250GB. 256GB is just going to have 256 billion bytes in it instead, with is *still* not a power of two.","That doesn't make my answer untrue. Throw a 500GB hard drive into a Windows machine and it will appear as 465GB, which is translating 1GB as 1024^3 bytes.","Yes, but that's because that's *just* about 500 billion bytes. If you checked the actual number of bytes it wouldn't be an even 456GB at 1024^3 bytes per GB (And if it is, you got ripped off). The reality is that you're never going to find a drive that actually has a power-of-two number of bytes. It just simply won't happen. The fact that they sell drives as both 500 and 512 is just marketing. Neither of them contain a power-of-two number of bytes, so there's no technical difference between the two besides some extra space. They can make both perfectly fine.","&gt; If you checked the actual number of bytes it wouldn't be an even 456GB at 10243 bytes per GB (And if it is, you got ripped off)\n\nThe physical number of bytes is unchanged. It is the computer translating that amount into computational usage, which is 1024^3 bytes per GB, not 1000^3 bytes per GB. This is where marketing makes its money.\n\nWhat I said before is unchanged: platter hard drives used to be sold as 32, 64, 128, etc. GB drives just like SSD drives are today.","[deleted]","... but this explains \"only\" why powers of two are common in computing. It doesn't answer the question. It just adds more detail to the explanation of why SSDs come in these sizes, it doesn't explain why HDDs don't.\n\nIt's not better or worse answer than the candy methaphor, because it answer a different question: \"Ok, but why *these* numbers specifically?\"","Did I miss something or does that still not explain why HDD storage spaces end in 0 rather than powers of 2? Which is what OP asked for.","[deleted]","So explain the [40GB hard drive](http://www.amazon.com/Western-Digital-7200RPM-CACHE-WD400BB/dp/B00006HNZ1) to me.  40 is not a power of 2.","That's an HDD, not an SSD. \n\nHDD have a set amount of space where they can allocate as many bits as possible (filling a pool with candy). \n\nSSD have repeating units which double in size until the manufacturer gets to the desired amount (packaging candy repeatedly). ","It's more concise because he's not answering the OP question. You asked why we use binary, which is magnitudes simpler to answer than how hard drives and SSDs differ in storage.","[deleted]","Twix, Take 2 (Nimm 2, it's a German type of candy), KitKat. Putting something to the power of two into packages isn't that seldom, even in candy world.\n\nAlthough I'm sure for other reasons.","This. His response is a great analogy for trying to fit more data in the same space, but it's useless for answering op's question.","Seriously, this sub has gotten fucking ridiculous. The question could've been answered in a single sentence. Also, some factual comments have been downvoted to oblivion, fuck knows why. Man I'm unsubbing","[deleted]","The candy metaphor is dumb as rocks, similar to the people upvoting it. As long as an answer pays homage to the subreddit name by making a silly connection to five year olds (eg., candy) then it will be upvoted. Correctness and brevity are lesser concerns.","But, but... \"*ELI5 is not for literal 5 year olds*.\" It even says it in the reply box.  (I, too, thought simplicity and accuracy were the point of this sub.)","No, the candy metaphor is the actual answer to the question. \"Why powers of 2?\" only answers why *those specific numbers* show up for SSDs (as they do in many places in computing), but it doesn't explain why they show up for SSDs and not for HDDs. And the difference between SSDs and HDDs was the question. And that question is answered by the candy metaphor.","yup","But the question wasn't why, the question was how.","[deleted]","Because there are two candies in a pack.","[deleted]","I want to try and help you understand, so if you can phrase some better questions, I'll try and answer them for you in plain and simple English.\n\n&gt;why 8? \n\nI'm afraid I don't understand what you're referring to here. Which part did you pull the number 8 from? \n\n&gt;why powers of two? \n\nBecause that's what you get when you double a number over and over.\n\nWhat this guy is saying is that with hard drives, they're improving the amount of bits they can store on a platter. With solid state drives, they double the amount of storage.","&gt; You release a pack of candy that has 8 pieces of candy in it. ","[deleted]","Computers represent numbers in binary, with each bit having two options, on or off. \n\nThe question asked here is *not* \"Why do powers of 2 appear so often in computer systems\". \n\nWe represent numbers often in computing as a power of two because computers use binary. \n\nWith one binary digit, or bit, we can represent 2 states, like this\n\n    1\n    0\n\nwith two binary digits, or bits, we can represent 4 states.\n\n    00\n    01\n    10\n    11\n\nand so on. \n\nwith 8 bits, (or what we call a byte) we can represent 256 states.     \n    (2^8 = 256)\n\nthis is why we use numbers that are a power of two in computing. This is the only number system the computer truly knows. \n\n\nIt wouldn't make much sense to use powers of three, unless computers used a base-three number system. ","It is possible to use powers of three.\nSource: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ternary_computer","How is it an obscuring narrative? Can you give specific examples from the text that you find \"obscuring\"?  \n\nI find it ironic that you think this is \"thick\" when you type things like \"came away with elucidation.\"","But no calculus!","But why 8?","Its not 8, but powers of 2. Computers use bits (1's and 0's) for everything so you can only store in powers of 2.\nSo it's 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64, 128, etc","This is the real explanation, the packet of sweets analogy above hides this. ","If you didn't now about this, then this might explain a lot of things. But the question was specifically about why it's different for SSDs and HDDs, and this is what the candy metaphor explains.","As a techie, my reflex response to  \"64, 128, 256gb instead of more \"rounded\" spaces like 150, 500, 600gb\" is to say **64, 128, 256 *are* more rounded**. In binary. \n\nDecimal|Binary|\n---:|---:\n8|1000\n16|10000\n32|100000\n64|1000000\n128|10000000\n256|100000000\n512|1000000000\n\nDecimal|Binary|\n---:|---:\n10|1010\n20|10100\n50|110010\n100|1100100\n150|10010110\n500|111110100\n600|1001011000\n\nBinary really is a better system for working with and understanding numbers. That's why technology uses it, and why [we printed it on the Pioneer plaque in case aliens ever read it](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pioneer_plaque#Symbolism). We use base 10 mostly out of tradition, and because it's a lot easier to write. \n\nIf I had to pick a numbering system to completely replace base 10 for humans' daily use starting tomorrow, I'd pick hexadecimal (base 16) since it's \"rounder\" in the binary sense but easier to write. Math is just easier to teach and see and understand when you use a binary-round base. ","Explain in more detail why hex would be better than base 12--I assumed 12 is better for most things because of divisors.\n\nBase 10: 1, 2, 5\n\nBase 12: 1, 2, 3, 4, 6\n\nBase 16: 1, 2, 4, 8\n\nWhich means day to day calculations would be significantly easier in our heads.","But why can't they glue 16 and 32 together to make 48?","I guess if you really wanted to you could combine a 32 gig drive and a 16 gig drive to create 48 gigs, this is called an array. \n\nIf you want one single digital drive it needs to be an integer of two. A very simple way of understanding is by thinking of a light bulb.\n\nIf the switch is \"on\" the light bulb is on, if the switch is \"off\" the light bulb is off. It can either be \"1\" (on) or \"0\" (off).\n\nIf you have one switch, you have two states it can be in. With two switches, you have four states. With three switches, you have eight, then sixteen, 32, etc.\n\nSo by \"gluing\" 4 switches (16 states of on or off) and 5 switches (32 states of on or off) you are actually saying there are 9 switches in total with 512 possible states of on or off.\n\nI hope this makes sense. ","This makes perfect sense. Thanks!","You could do this, but never would in reality. The reason behind this is the balancing of read writes across your flash arrays. If you have one that is twice as big as the other you end up sending 2 out of every 3 writes and reads to that side(ignoring the driver propensity for keeping contiguous data in the same spot). If you keep them balanced you can increase your over all throughput and make the logic much simpler execute and allowing a higher theoretical maximum speed through your HDD controller.(I know this isnt a good ELI5 answer)\n\nWhen we want to build arrays of storage its typically for redundancy but sometimes its for speed. Sometimes we want to have a copy of every single item on disk, this is called mirroring and is typically two memory storage locations that are identical(or mirrored). The other times we want to do something called striping, which is where we want to write and read as fast as possible from our memory, so if we can write 8 bits a second on one memory then we could write 16 bits a second on two memory arrays. This is the basis for write controllers on a flash array. Because a traditional hard drive is a physical spinning platter it can really only write and read in the same location as the head(think of a record player). This is a mechanical limitation of that technology. However, flash drives have no moving parts and thus dont have that limitation allowing them to have more plays to write and read from at the same time.(sorry for long windedness)","But why male models?","Are you serious? He just answered that.","A byte consists of 8 bits.","Half a byte is called a nibble.","half a nibble is called a niblet.","Half a niblet is called a bit.","Half a bit is called a meme","Half a meme is dank.","half a dank is a lad.","half a lad is wew","Computers use binary, which is like our counting system of 0 to 9 but only goes from 0 to 1\n\n1 in binary is 1\n\n10 in binary is 2\n\n100 in binary is 4\n\n1000 -&gt; 8\n\n10000 -&gt; 16\n\n100000 -&gt; 32\n\n1000000 -&gt; 64\n\nEtc","It was explained to me in college by likening it to how we learned decimal when we were younger.  \n\nHundreds | Tens | Units  \n\nEach column can go up to 9 - Any more and the column to the left increases.  \n\nWorks with most linear counting systems - Made learning Hex a hell of a lot easier! ","bits","Can you explain like I'm a 3 year old?","Man, I honestly dont know why this is the top answer lol. Not to bag on you or anything, but thats def not the reason why. SSDs are actually sold in nice round increments as well, I just recently bought a 500gb SSD. The reason why its not a power of 2 like itbshould be is because.. well it WAS a power of 2 I.e. if you bought 500gb ssd then it was probably 512gb, its just that the manufacturer uses some of the memory on the drive to store management information to help the drive run better/faster.","How much of it is exploiting the prices? Are they really unable to make bigger SSD drives for cheaper or are they just exploiting new technology?","This expansion is kind of useless. Hard drives are powers of two just like SSD. The only difference is how they are marketed. HDs used to be sold as power of two until manufactures realized they could change the unit and offer a bigger number.","This is a bit of a tangent, but why can't you use a variant of RAM for permanent storage nowadays? Getting 32 or 64 GB of RAM in a daily machine is very doable right now - why can't we start using it for permanent storage once it gets to 128 - 256 GB? Is RAM fast *because* it's so volatile? Like, is the reason it operates so quickly directly tied into its inability to store data long-term?","Technically I knew the answer, but I doubt I would have ever have been able to explain it so simply. \nWell done.  \n\n","&gt; Put a few of those on a board with some control logic and you have a 64 GB drive.\n\nYou have a 64 GiB drive.\n\nHard drive manufacturers standardized on a GB being 10^9 bytes.\n\nMemory manufacturers standardized on a GB being 2^30 bytes, also known as a gibibyte (GiB).","I think a more nuanced way to put it would be to say \"You want to fill your swimming pool with a certain amount of candy, but it only comes in cases of a certain quantity. It's not practical to order individual pieces to round out the swimming pool\" but then again, we're talking about filling a swimming pool with candy, so practicality kind of loses it's meaning in that context.\n\nHard disks come in multiples of whatever density is available at the time, which are rounded to a convenient size that also includes some hidden extra space for dealing with bad sectors, but more or less, it's still a multiple of whatever the engineers decide the platter size is going to be, so 150GB platters can be configured in multiples of 1, 2, 3, and 4 on standard 3.5\" 4 platter drive designs. So without making more puns on purpose, the sizes are in fact pretty well rounded.\n\nThe same is true of SSDs, but there are more than 4 storage chips, so the storage space is going to be a multiple of those chips by size. I think it is driven more by chip size with SSDs than number of chips, but I could be mistaken.","That doesn't make any logic at all. The only way you compared it to sizes was saying \"people want more candy so you make an 8 package candy and then they want more so you put two of those together\". Why do you choose 8? That was just a completely random number you made up and it doesn't relate at all.","[deleted]","A traditional hard drive is an analog device. It contains as many platters as they can fit into a case, made up of magnetic material.  The precision of the mechanical arm that moves to certain positions on the platters and measures or changes the magnetivity of the small are of the platter near the head, and the precision of the magnetic components in the head itself, determine how many bits of data can be fit into a HDD. As such, the tendency is to go with nice base-10 numbers that we're all familiar with. There's also the \"customer feels like they're getting more than they really are\" factor, since 1TB in base-10 is a fair bit less than 1TB in base-2.\n\nSSD's are fundamentally digital devices that operate in base-2 math at their very core. Making a 1000GB SSD would actually be detrimental to the design, as mapping the address space to run from 0x0000000000 to 0xE8D4A40FFF would require far more complex circuitry than mapping to 0xFFFFFFFFFF.","So pretty much HDD's can set their size however they want while SSD's design makes to favor base-2,got it way better than to read that long answer with candies as analog ","Sort of. It is more that HDD manufacturers use rounded base-10 capacity ratings for advertising even if the drive actually has a base-2 capacity of around that number. eg \"1000 GB\" HDDs could be 1004 GBs. \n\nHDDs can however use fairly arbitrary base-2 capacity whereas because SSDs are using a digital bus it doesn't make as much sense to not use a power of 2 capacity (2,4,8,16,32,64,128,256 etc).","You've got it backwards.  The advertised capacity will always be higher, 1000GB ~= 931GB.  The harddrive manufacturers use 1000KB = 1MB, 1000MB = 1GB, 1000GB = 1TB.  As you go higher and higher in capacity, the number gets further and further off from reality.  1TB = 1000GB = 1,000,000MB = 1,000,000,000KB, but in reality, 1TB = 1,073,741,824KB.","Somebody may not know:\n\nThere are [*binary* prefixes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binary_prefix) (base-2) to have consistent values between (all) decimal prefixes (which are commonly used in the metric system).\n\n1 TiB = 1024 GiB = 1,048,576 MiB = 1,073,741,824 KiB = 1,099,511,627,776 bytes  \n1 TB = 1000 GB = 1,000,000 MB = 1,000,000,000 kB = 1,000,000,000,000 bytes\n\nor more clearly:\n\n1 TiB = 1024^4 bytes  \n1 TB = 1000^4 bytes","Yes, but everyone hates them because they were invented years after the kilobyte was defined as 1024 bytes and then subverted by assholes in marketing.  ","I used to feel the same way.  Particularly about the storage industry where I remember seeing some manufacturers use base 2 numbers and others use base 10.  However, recently I was looking at data sheets for the MOS technologies 6502.   You remember the processor that was used in the Commodore 64, Apple II, Atari 2600, Atari 400/800, and many other machines from the 80's.  The data sheet for that processor advertises \"Addressable memory range up to 65K bytes\".   It has a 16 bit address bus, so the addressable bytes are 65536.  It made me think maybe things weren't as clear about the whole base 2 vs base 10 thing as I thought.\n\n[6502 Datasheet](http://imgur.com/0iM7YmD)\n","In my history book, the metric system came first.","I'll take the (FWIK) minority position on this:\n\nBase-2 assumptions that only apply to counting one particular type of thing, but use the same names as base-10 prefixes are a recipe for confusion, and it's amusingly ironic that people whose interests require such precision in other cases would fight so hard to keep around an ambiguous notation, choosing to bitch about people who fall the other direction on the ambiguity (HDD manufacturers, for instance) instead of embracing a simple distinction that'd solve the problem.\n\nIt reeks of group identification, stodgy bull-headedness, and an attachment to the novelty that \"our one-thousands are 1024\". Counting-unit hipsterism, basically.","Except operating systems still use this system. So the issue is were using both versions in different places. I'd be happy for unification in either direction.","&gt; subverted by assholes in marketing\n\nYou make it sound like it was malicious intent, while it **probably** was just ignorance/stupidity:\n\n* Nobody except tech-savy people *cares*, if 1 kB is 1024 bytes or 1000 bytes, while people in general hate converting with odd numbers. (Imperial &amp; metric, Fahrenheit &amp; Celsius, ...)  \n→ Just go with the even numbers.\n* Bigger numbers are always perceived as better.  \nWill **your regular customer** buy 1500 GB or 1395 GiB for the same price?\n* The difference \"initially\" was very small, but it increases with each power of 1000/1024.  \nAn 800 kB storage device is 2.3% smaller than advertised.  \nA 4 TB storage device is 9.1% smaller than advertised.  \nPB storage is 11.2% smaller than advertised.\n\nThe kilobyte was introduced for \"experienced users\", then personal computers ruined it ;-).","&gt;Will your regular customer buy 1500 GB or 1395 GiB for the same price?\n\nBut if everyone was selling 76.5gb HDD's and then one company came out and said \"hey buy our 80GB HDD!!!\" and they turned out to be 76.5gb anyway, surely magazines, the internet, word of mouth would out them as liars?","Well actually, one of my friends of a friend is an attorney. Someone did try to sue a computer company for this, but they are based in New Mexico, and he found some old-ass law no one had ever used in a case stating \"You can't sue someone for using the metric system\". The Computer companies won the case.","My uncle works for Nintendo and he said this didn't happen. ","You're talking about the Seagate lawsuit.  They might have argued using an old ass law, but it didn't win them the case. They eventually settled out of court.\n\n[Here](http://topclassactions.com/lawsuit-settlements/lawsuit-news/622-seagate-settles-false-advertising-suit-over-hard-drive-capacity/) is an article referencing it.  Specifics are a bit harder to find since it was a decade ago.","It is confusing to move from kilometre means a thousand to kilobyte means just over a thousand. Kilo does mean exactly 1,000 in common usage. Seems unfair to call it stupidity.","Kilo does mean 1000 literally. It's a greek word meaning thousand.","Kilo means 1000 yes,  HOWEVER a byte its origin is 8 bits,  therefore 1000 bytes = 8000 bits which is less then 8kB, I have no idea where I am going with this. ","A common quote I like to live by:\n\n&gt; Never attribute to stupidity that which is adequately explained by malice\n\nI'm very cynical.","No. It was quite **intentionally** done by marketers because of the confusion. There was quite a stink among geeks (15 years ago, I think) about this and the discrepancy between marketing and reality.\n\nAlso, HD capacity is always more than advertised because of bad sectors. I remember when HDs were in the 100s MBs and single GBs, that it payed off to immediately reformat the drive because you would get 2-5% more space. This probably still rings true, but isn't worth the effort for most as drives are so damn big now.","I can't believe I had to scroll down this far to find this answer.","There's also usable space lost on the file system itself. It has a \"file allocation table\" (on some FSs it's a tree but that's pretty technical) which is a reserved space for the file system entries (folders, files) as opposed to the content of the files. That and journals, etc can get pretty large, those suck up a portion of the available space.","Well, not quite. Don't forget that nowadays many consumer SSD use TLC NAND, thus every physical cell can store 3 bits of data, so the base-2 reasoning doesn't really hold up. Also, most NAND chips have spare banks of memory with remapping capability built into the controller, and many controllers even had on-the-fly data compression - so remapping require a fair amount of work, but it is actually an extremely trivial tasks.\nTo put the final nail in the coffin, many SSDs are now 240GB or 250GB instead of 256GB, and never are they GiB (so they are playing the same exact game of the HDD manufacturers).","First, the base-2 reasoning applies to the addresses, not to the number of bits stored per flash cell, so it very much does hold up. Secondly, NAND chips don't have anything of that sort, defects and remapping are the job of the SSD's controller to take care of. Which also explains why SSDs are a bit under a power of two in size (rather than arbitrary values): The chips inside are in total a power of two in size, but the defects and the remapping tables and stuff use up some of the capacity. Compression really only serves to reduce wear but doesn't increase capacity.","&gt; SSD's are fundamentally digital devices that operate is base-2 math at their very core. Making a 1000GB SSD would actually be detrimental to the design, as mapping the address space to run from 0x0000000000 to 0xE8D4A40FFF would require far more complex circuitry than mapping to 0xFFFFFFFFFF.\n\nThis would be new to me. If the drive is only 0xE8D4A40FFF Bytes big there would be no access to any addresses larger than that. So you could have very similar circuitry if not the same and it would work.\n\nIt's less efficient. But definitely not far more complex. ","Yeah, circuitry would not change you would just have a smaller address space","You are correct, it's the same circuitry and all, not really less efficient or not. Just different.\n\nYou can actually increase hard drive performance by artificially limiting the address space the HDD reports to the computer (aka short stroking). For instance, taking a 2TB and setting its reported capacity to 1TB. Physically, the HDD arm only has to move half the distance on average for a data address. Also, the outside half of the platter has more platter area (data bits)  passing under the HDD arm than the inside half of the platter, which results in higher data throughout for the outer sections of the disk.\n\nYou get certain performance increases 'short stroking' SSDs, but for different much more complex reasons.\n\nSource: 11 years as SSD development engineer ","If you work out the [K-map](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Karnaugh_map) for that address space, I bet it's going to be messier than the one that goes to all Fs.","&gt; 0x0000000000 \n\nCould you explain or link me an explanation for this? ","That's a number system called hexadecimal which is used as a shorthand for a number system which usually takes up a lot of space, called binary (the 0x before the number just tells you it's in hex).   \n \n* Every digit in decimal (the normal system we talk about numbers in) holds a value from 0 to 9.\n* In binary (a much simpler number system), digits can only hold a value from 0 to 1.\n* 4 binary digits (bits) squished together, can hold a value from 0-15 (just like how when you put a 1 in front of a number in decimal you can count up to 19).\n* Every single hex digit goes from 0 to 15 (Counting in hex: 0123456789ABCDEF).\n* Since four binary digits can go up to 15 and so can one hex digit..\n* Every hex digit can represent 4 binary digits. \n \n\n\nFor example:    \n\n\n  \nDecimal|Binary|Hexadecimal                      \n:--|:--|:--                                  \n0|0000|0x0. \n1|0001|0x1.\n2|0010|0x2.\n3|0011|0x3. \n9|1001|0x9.\n11| 1011|0xB. \n15| 1111|0xF. \n0 0| 0000 0000|0x00\n1 9| 0001 1001|0x19\n9 15 11| 1001 1111 1011|0x9FB\n\nDecimal|Binary|Hexadecimal                      \n:--|:--|:--          \n999,999,934,463|1110100011010100101001000000111111111111|0xE8D4A40FFF      \n\n\n^Edited ^original ^comment ^to ^make ^it ^fit ^the ^ELI5 ^sub ^better","A common way to represent [hexadecimal][1] (base 16) numbers.\n\nIt comes from programming languages. It starts with a number because most programming languages don't let a variable name start with a number (and if it didn't, how would you tell whether `xfeed` is a variable or a hex number?), and the second character identifies the base (which makes it easier for a compiler to tell how it should interpret numbers, because you just check the second letter rather than anything more complicated). You sometimes also see `0b010101` (**b**inary, base 2), `0o777` (**o**ctal, base 8), and `0d529` (**d**ecimal, base 10).\n\nYou used to see suffixes (like `7FFFH`), but they seem to be less common now. To me at least, the suffix is also harder to read. Plus, you get the same variable name problem (e.g. `FEEDH`), although you commonly got around that by requiring the number start with a zero (`0FEEDH`). That still seems harder to read to me, though.\n\n[1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hexadecimal","ELI5?","A hard drive is not analog. The number of platters, tracks, and bits/track are fixed integers. The magnetic field has one of two states. They may use analog circuits in the read amplifier or servo. Analog means continuously varying properties. A phonograph record is analog because the track spacing and needle position vary continuously. ","&gt; A traditional hard drive is an analog device.\n\nno.","I'm 23 and what the hell are you talking about","People really forget what subreddit they are in","There's limits here to how much you can dumb the whole thing down. If you already know what a gigabyte is, then it's safe to assume you can understand analog vs. digital. Idk man sometimes you gotta browse Wikipedia for a minute. If you were actually five I guess I would say that an SSD is a complicated group of switches and a Hard Drive is like writing stuff down on a really small scale? But that analogy is awful and doesn't explain the situation at all.  ","Just get 4 - 256gb ssds and some box tape. Blam 1tb ssd. Commence the torrents.","SSDs for torrenting? You sure got your priorities wrong","Not if he's seeding","Like he should be.","Pirate ethics always amuse me","Why?","What advantage does an SSD have for seeding?","Almost certainly not speed, but if you are seeding a lot you'll be accessing the hard drives almost constantly, and SSDs will have a much longer lifetime as long as the activity is mostly reading. They're also going to be more quiet. But those advantages are still pretty negligible unless you're trying to build a real monster of a seedbox. But if you are then total space is still probably the most important factor, so HDDs will win out. In short, don't get SSDs just for torrents.","You just described what RAID 0 does in non-computing terms.\n\n[This is what I have](http://i.imgur.com/v9Nszs1.png), note that Disk 1 and Disk 3 are both identical SSD 256gb drives, yet somehow are both the Y: drive. The Operating System has 'Duct Taped' them together - giving me a very fast 512gb drive for games.","Are you booting off an SSD though?","I have a single (admittedly old) Corsair Force GT 128gb SSD as a boot drive, the two 256gb SSDs as a games drive and two 3tb spinning rust drives that run a batch script to mirror themselves on startup for a general storage area. I could have RAID 1'd the two mechanical drives but there is no real advantage over just running the batch script:\n\n    robocopy d:\\ e:\\ /e /XD \"$RECYCLE.BIN\" \"System Volume Information\"","Not really. RAID-0 distributes the data. So in a 4-drive raid-0 each drive gets 25% of every file. Very fast, but if one drive fails you lose everything.\n\nJBOD (Just a Bunch Of Disk) is quite literally a bunch of disks duct-taped together. If you use that you just pretend like your 4 disks are a single one and every file can go wherever.","I was going for the ELI5 angle, this is more ELI10... :D\n\nBut you are of course correct. I use RAID0 in my example because theyre just games, games can be re-downloaded again without much trouble, but goddamn they load fast.","Great answer to the actual question. Thanks. ","Ouch! Stop that","This is such a weird response that my initial reaction was to check your history to see if you were a fake account just commenting randomly to get some karma before you started spamming reddit.","Look at the usernames...","Yea what he said","I'm not sure a five year old would get that...","This is getting closer to the real reason. The real reason is address bus width and address decoding logic. Memory systems (like SSDs, or RAM, which also tends to come in power of 2 sizes) have what is called an address bus, that is a number of conductors that each carry one bit of the address (\"storage slot number\") that is to be read or to be written. The controlling logic on the SSD (or the memory controller in the case of RAM) sets high (binary 1) or low (binary 0) voltage levels on these conductors to represent the location to be read or written in binary and then toggles additional control lines to perform the respective operation.\n\nWith a single memory chip (flash or RAM), that chip would simply be connected to all these lines, and the controller could access any of its storage locations by setting different patterns of zeros and ones on the address bus, and for an n bit address, there are 2 to the power of n different patterns (or binary numbers, as they would commonly be called - just like there are 10^n n-digit decimal numbers), so it would be possible to address 2^n different storage locations. Now, that does not mean that the memory chip would necessarily have to actually have that many storage locations, the highest addresses could just be unused.\n\nBut they all do, and that is for the following reason: If you want to have more memory than there is in a single chip, what you do is that you add a second chip and you add a line to your address bus and use its state to select with a small circuit which of the two chips to access (so, if that line is 0, you access one chip, if it's 1, you access the other), while the remaining lines of the address bus are connected to both chips in parallel. Now, if both chips have a storage cell for each possible address, this combined circuit of two chips also has a storage cell for each possible address of the extended address bus. Otherwise, you would have holes in the middle somewhere: First, some addresses that have storage cells, them some that don't, then again some that do, then more that don't, ..., which would be extremely inconvenient to manage.\n\nYou can continue the pattern above to increase the space further, of course: Add another pair of chips and another address line to select which pair of chips to access, and so on. \n\nSo, all memory chips have power of two sizes because that makes them easy to combine into larger memory systems, and as a result, most memory systems also have power of two sizes, as you start with the smallest model with a single chip, and then create increasingly larger models by adding more chips - and if you have a model with 8 chips, say, selling one with 12 probably doesn't make much sense, so the next size you build is one with 16 chips.\n\nAnd also, there is another reason: Memory chips themselves often are internally constructed of what is essentially multiple \"sub-chips\", which are connected in just the same way you combine multiple chips.","I'll add to this. Often you will see 60, 120, 240, 480 GB SSD's, especially from companies like Cruzer. This is simply the company being \"not evil\". \n\nThey are equivalent to 64 128 256 512 GB drives, however. They take into account the space the drives allocate to firmware and the controller, and are a display of the actual space available to you on the drive.\n\nRemember when your 4Gb iPod nano actually only had 3.6 GB? Imagine if Apple were cool enough to advertise it as 3.5 GB rather that 4. This is kind of like that.","&gt; Making a 1000GB SSD would actually be detrimental to the design, as mapping the address space to run from 0x0000000000 to 0xE8D4A40FFF would require far more complex circuitry than mapping to 0xFFFFFFFFFF.\n\nThose damn 0xE8D4A40FFF's are always trying to hold us down. ","This is an incredible 5 year old if they understand this!","Then why is there a 200GB sandisk micro sd card?","Hard drives store information on spinning discs. The discs store bits (1s and 0s) by flipping magnetic dust so one pole or the other faces the reader. This coating of dust isn't perfect, which affects things like how big and how far apart patches of dust representing those bits have to be. Discs with better coatings can have more data, or be read more quickly, or last longer.\nIt's easy to see how this results in a huge range of \"uneven\" sizes.\n\n\n\nHard drives organize data in strings very much like a CD or vinyl record. There are magnetic heads which function like a laser or needle, reading and writing data as the platter spins underneath it. It reads and writes more or less in sequence.\n\n*EDIT: yes, the layout is in concentric circles. I felt the linear nature of an HDD operation would be easier to understand as record-like. I did not mean to make that statement outright*\n\nIn contrast, solid state drives use a bunch of memory chips that are organized into grids, with addresses. Many columns can read or write simultaneously, and all can be accessed on short notice, and this is why SSD are so responsive.\n\n\nAnyways, the reason SSD use specific sizes? Their memory chips work directly with processors that handle data in sections. These are 8, 16, 32, 64, 128, 256, or 512 bits in length (some power of 2). I'm sure you can see how this results in very specific storage capacities.\n\nSSD with something like 100GB capacity are almost always actually 128GB units - this is due to over provisioning, which sacrifices storage space in favor of durability and performance.","Wait... data on hard drives is laid out in a spiral?  I thought it was arranged in concentric circular tracks.","You're right.","You're right about that. I compared it to other media for ELI5 purposes.","&gt; SSD with something like 100GB capacity are almost always actually 128GB units - this is due to over provisioning, which sacrifices storage space in favor of durability and performance.\n\nHere we go, this is what I was looking for. I've actually been in the market for an SSD and was a little confused by [the Samsung EVO line's](https://www.google.com/search?q=samsung+evo&amp;rlz=1CDGOYI_enUS590US590&amp;hl=en-US&amp;biw=320&amp;bih=492&amp;prmd=sniv&amp;source=lnms&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwj6kOL1rKfMAhWisYMKHZyxAGAQ_AUIBCgA) capacities. I'm assuming the same thing is going on here? Either some level of redundancy or performance boosts? \n\nIs knowingly selling memory with damaged sectors a thing? like with processors?","Sometimes they will use the extra space to store meta-information about where data is stored on the drive.\n\nThis allows it to re-organize and move data around for various reasons.\n\nPerformance, making the memory wear down evenly to increase life span, marking areas as deleted and ready to be rewritten to.","Oh, also, [binning](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Product_binning), if you're interested.\n\nMany slower processors are exactly the same as their faster versions, but didn't come out quite as well. Dual-cores are often just quad-cores with two bad cores. And integrated circuits actually look more like a bowl of porridge than orderly rows of circuitry under a microscope ;)","Others have explained why most computer-related numbers are at such strange intervals, but here's most likely why traditional hard drives use rounded numbers while SSD's don't...\n\nFirst off, when it comes to the actual measurements, they all use the weird intervals, for reasons that others have explained. \n\nSo why do hard drives use even numbers?\n\nIt's all about the time when either technology was introduced. Consumer hard drives first hit the market in the 80's. Most people weren't very familiar with computers in general at that point, so in order to make the terminology more accessible, companies rounded off numbers in the specs. Since the lineage of hard drives has been a continuous path since the 80's, the naming convention has been grandfathered down ever since. \n\nSSD's arrived at a much different time. They arrived in the late 00's when pretty much everyone in the market for anything computer related had at least a basic understanding of what the numbers in computer specs meant. \n\nSince they were introduced as an add-on rather than a replacement for a traditional hard drive, they weren't subject to the conventions of traditional hard drives, and were instead marketed similar to other components like RAM and processors.","[removed]","r/shittyaskscience","OK, so this will probably be well past eli5. For an eli5 version see the general consensus from others.\n\nIt is because management tells them to. Management tells them to because marketing told them to because clients told them to.\n\nWhat's going on inside those chips is much more complicated. The chips are not actually the capacity given, they are actually higher capacity and report themselves lower for your convenience. It is entirely possible that a chip could be reporting itself as being 1/1000 it's real capacity.\n\nI'm going to focus on NAND flash because that is what is generally in SSDs. \n\nSo inside the chip there are lines known as the array. Depending on the chip itself these lines are anywhere from 512 bytes to 262144 bytes (256 kbytes). Also on each line there are two special areas you don't see, there are others as well, I'm ignoring them for simplicity. There is an in_use flag, just one bit, typically 0 means the line is open, 1 means the line is in use. The second is the current address.\n\nWhen you write data to a flash chip, you tell the chip \"At address 0x7483749945 write 0x72874858385...938\". The chip writes the data to the next open slot, completely ignoring the order you told the chip to write things. Then the chip checks to see if the address given was already in use, and if it was, then the chip sets the in_use flag to 0. Meaning the line is now open. This is the basics behind how write balancing worms and is actually very important to the drive working for a long time.\n\nNow interestingly, from the outside you actually cannot tell how many lines are inside, you only get what the chip tells you, and the chip lies. A chip that is supposed to have 1024 lines has at least 1024 but could have a million. These extra lines make it possible for your drive to work for a long time. Lines actually wear out rather quickly, a few tens of thousands, maybe a few hundred thousand writes.\n\nThe extra lines are actually very very important because some lines are misformed and don't work. Testing tells them the actual capacity, then the factory burns into the chip the advertised capacity.\n\nThe different advertised capacities are set by marketing where I began. If marketing determined that having a chip with exactly 84752975647 bytes of storage was desired in the market, the engineers would find a way to deliver that as an advertised capacity.\n\nTL;Dr marketing said so, engineering made it happen","Marketing.  Computer electronics operate using binary logic (ones and zeroes) so everything is based on powers of 2... 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64, 128, 256, 512, 1024.  Ultimately all storage is based on powers of two.  However marketing people liked round numbers better.","Finally. I can't believe I had to go to the 4th most popular response to find a person who actually understood the question.\n","Best answer, yet not top comment. How come the top comment is usually something even a 20 year old can't understand, let alone a 5 year old. The short answer is 500gigabyte is easier for your mother to understand when she's shopping at Best Buy. They even go as far as describing how many photos or songs you can store. \"Holds 700,000 photos or 400,000 songs!!\"","This. I believe it has been mostly a marketing decision.","Yep. People are getting pretty technical with their answers, but that doesn't explain instances where ssds break this pattern (250, 500,  1TB, etc). It's a marketing thing. ","SSD's need a certain amount of space reserved in order to store meta-data.\n\nThere are various strategies used for this, as well as the fact that you could sell slightly damaged nand memory cells if there is a smart enough controller to avoid the damage.\n\nIt's not just marketing.","Purely marketing.\n\nAn ssd has significant over provisioning to provide for increased lifespan as the cells wear out and become unusable.  The amount of capacity advertised is some fraction of the total amount of memory on the device. It's not directly related to how much raw storage the device has.\n\nThe enterprise class ssd drives we use are 300, 600 etc.","SSD devices are made by companies that historically made RAM (at least the underlying NAND Flash components are), while magnetic hard drives manufacturers have a long history as their own industry.  RAM makers have typically (but not exclusively) built components with capacity that is a power of 2 because that matches the amount of memory that can be addressed by a certain number of address bits. Magnetic disk makers work with platters and sectors and blocks, which impose different \"natural\" size boundaries, but essentially they pick the size based on a multiple of what can fit on a single platter AND a little bit of arbitraryness.\n\nThat being said, SSDs are not always in powers of 2 because a good SSD controller chip will set aside a pool of space to replace bad cells as the device is used. Each cell (bit for SLC, 2-3 bits for MLC devices) can only be written to a certain number of times before it wears out. To give SSDs longer life you save some as spares. So in enterprise SSDs, odd sizes like 240G instead of 256G are common. For consumer drives... You do not write over your data as much as that Hadoop cluster :-)\n\nMeanwhile there is also an issue with magnetic disks in that they advertise in base 10 while computers report in base 2. So back in the ancient days customers got pissed that their 100 Megabyte drive showed up as some smaller number to the operating system. Aside from the space lost to formatting and file system housekeeping, hard disks define 1 Megabyte as 1,000,000 bytes (same for GB and TB), while the OS defines 1 Megabyte as 2^20 bytes (or something like that; I should be shot for forgetting the actual power of 2). Hence the \"MiB\", \"GiB\", and \"TiB\" were invented.  They are the power of 10 storage units (aka human friendly or marketing friendly unit, depending on how grumpy you are).\n","Hard drives are made from magnetic plates of metal, and how much you can put on them depends on how fine you can make the \"dots\" if you think of it that way, that record the data on the disk.\n\nSsd drives use memory chips instead. These are made typically in binary sizes, so depending on the size of the chips used and how many, defines the size. If you had a drive with 8 x 8gb chips in it, it will be 64gb.\n\nSo ssd space depends on the chips and how many, where a hdd depends on how fine you can save the data on available disk physical  space","Thanks! This is the first explanation that I clicked with.\n\nSo, are the memory chips in SSDs a standard size? If so, does that mean that a larger capacity SSD must also be larger in physical size?","No because every year they are figuring out how to fit more data into a same size chip, which in turn makes it cheaper. 5 years ago a 32gb  micro usb card was a huge amount of memory. Now we got 512gb in the same size card.","Hi. Memory chips come in lots of different capacities, and chip manufacturers are always trying to make them bigger in density for the same physical chip size. Miniaturisation allows chips to be mounted close together and both sides of a pcb, so its quite possible to get say 8 chips each side of a 2.5 inch ssd drive internal pcb. Common sizes of chip are 8 16 32 gb etc, so depending on how many are fitted the bigger the drive and cost! I expected hdds to be obsolete a long while ago. However because hdd manufacturers have been so good at creating lots of storage at low cost, the price per gb of mechanical hdd is better than chip based ssd, so the still stay in business","It has been more affordable to design by shrinking previous designs!\n\nManufactures save money fitting ready made parts together like a puzzle. Ready made parts may be used in other products as well to save time and money.Circuitry could be more intricate on the boards and components moved closer together to make it happen.The memory chips could be reprogrammed to handle data different also. But other components need to advance before it is cost effective.\nEngineers only get a little section in the design when money talks. And the money sets the speed of advance.\n","Hard drives are like multiple record players stacked on top of each other, each playing a record.  These records don't operate in the same manner as as RAM does, they aren't produced in powers of 2. The way they get the space they can use is how much space there is to write and read from on a rotating disk. \n\nSSDs are based on chips and as you know with RAM chips, all the RAM sizes are in powers of 2.   ","thanks for posting this.. i was thinking about this about a week or two ago but had no idea how to word it either :P","I can tell you from experience that they are not 2^n like they propose to be, more like 2^n - 10% original value.","The simplest answer and practical reason is that the NAND flash memory chips that the data is stored on, come in the same base 2 capacities; 16GB,32GB,64GB,128GB, etc.\nMultiple memory chips are pooled on the SSD to create the final SSD capacity. \nSo while you could combine 128GB chips with 16GB chips to create a 142GB SSD (for example), the work involved to make different chip sizes work together adds a bit of complexity and such","As I, and /u/xrailgun has said, it's binary v. decimal, and what the lawsuits were about. One example: http://www.dailytech.com/Western+Digital+Settles+Drive+Capacity+ClassAction+Lawsuit/article3072.htm  This is one among many, but if you read the article, you'll see the difference. \n\n&gt; The reason for the difference in capacity is the way operating system vendors and hard drive manufacturers report the values for storage capacities. OS vendors usually use the binary system for calculating file sizes and drive capacities while hard drive manufacturers like to use the decimal system which makes a drives capacity seem higher on paper than it really is. - See more at: http://www.dailytech.com/Western+Digital+Settles+Drive+Capacity+ClassAction+Lawsuit/article3072.htm#sthash.gnqpXgI9.dpuf","An old fashioned HDD is similar to a vinyl record - like a piece of string wrapped around in circles. You can make the string with smaller fibres so that more it has \"more\" information per millimetre. You can also spin it tighter around the center. Because this is an analogue system the total size can be very much anything you want.\n\nAn SSD on the other hand is like a bee hive. You can make each six-sided (eight-sided more accurately) smaller and tighter but they have to have a certain shape. Because every part is six-sided (or eight-sided) the total size will be in multiples of this number","This actually isn't the case anymore. In the enterprise space, three of the most commonly available SSD sizes are 200GB, 400GB, and 800GB. EMC for example uses these SSD drive sizes in their flash-enabled storage appliances almost exclusively.\n\n\"Why\" a drive is labeled as 256GB or 200GB is partly a matter of architecture (what is the base size of the flash chip building blocks and how many can you fit on a single SSD circuit board) and partly a matter of marketing.\n\nAs a sidenote, an interesting feature of SSDs is that they are actually capable of storing more data than the sticker size says, but that overhead space is reserved by the firmware of the drive to replace \"retired\" blocks in the usable space. Type the term \"what is SSD write exhaustion\" into your favorite search engine to learn more about why this is, but the relevancy of this is that you could theoretically buy a 200GB SSD and in actuality it has closer to 240GB of chips on it, some of which is reserved for sector exhaustion.","SSDs are at their core persistent compute memory which in practice today work only in binary - increases in size fall into powers of 2: 0,1,2,4,8.... Their physical form emulates their function.  It would be counterproductive to do otherwise.\n\nHard drives are physical devices which we use to store information but it is reformatted to interact with a spinning platter and a control arm to store and retrieve the data.  The amount of storage on a platter is a function of the usable surface area, and the accuracy the control arm has positioning the read write head, and the size of the information actually stored distinctly on the platter.\n","Think of a HDD as a standard sheet of 8.5x11 [lined paper](http://cdn.printablepaper.net/samples/Colored_pale-blue_with_wide_black_lines.png) and think of a SSD as a sheet of standard sheet of 8.5x11 [graph paper](http://cdn.printablepaper.net/samples/grid-portrait-letter-2-noindex.png). And let's make a rule that when you're writing on graph paper, you are only allowed to put one piece (bit) of information in each box.\n\nThe graph paper has an exact number of boxes (I've never counted but let's just pretend there are 1024 boxes.)  You can't store more bits than the number of boxes. If you need to store more information, you need more boxes.\n\nOn a lined piece of paper you can store more information on the same piece of paper by writing smaller. But there are limits to how small you can write.\n\nIn either case, you could simply make the sheet larger. Let's say you try Legal (8.5x14) sized paper. In both cases you have more space and more boxes. Maybe the graph paper now has 1200 boxes. But in the computer world, memory addressing doesn't really work like that.  It's way easier to simply add another sheet of regular (standard sized) piece of paper.  Now you have 2048 boxes instead of some weird number (1200).\n\nNow without getting too deep into how binary and memory addressing works I just want to point out that when counting in binary, the next number is double (2x) the previous number. Some of these numbers will sound familiar (in **BOLD**). Think of these are the binary *prime numbers*.\n\n0, 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, **32**, **64**, **128**, **256**, 512, 1024, 2048, 4096, 8192\n\nIn the binary world, it's so much easier to just get another piece of *standard sized* paper than to start screwing with the size of the paper. This keeps things consistent and easily addressed mathematically because it's the *standard*. And that doubling has been around since the dawn of computers.  Remember the Commodore 64k? The next version was the Commodore 128k. There was no Commodore 82k (for example). Since technology at the time could only put 64K (64 thousand squares) on a chip (piece of paper), it was just easier to get 2 chips (pieces of paper) and put them together rather than trying to make a new special 82K chip. I'm sure they could have done that but it also didn't make sense because 82 isn't a standard number in binary.\n\nThis \"doubling\" has been ubiquitous in computers since the beginning, especially when talking about memory because mathematically it makes sense in a digital (binary) system). And because we know **exactly** what a piece of paper can hold (1024) you know that two is 2048.\n\nIt's different on a hard disk. On a hard disk, you don't know exactly how many bits can be stored.  I mean, you can get pretty close, but there are variables. If you go buy 2 of the exact same hard drives from the same manufacturer that are both \"250GB\" and install them.  You will see a difference in size. One might show as having 248GB and the other might show 249GB of usable space. This is because it's not an exact science.  When you format the drive, the computer and HDD figure out how much space is truly accessible/usable.\n\n[This is the first 1GB hard drive](http://media.aphelis.net/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/IBM3380_Hard_Drive_Assembly_1980s.jpg).  It was so big because technology limited how small it could write.  So instead of trying to write smaller, they made the sheet of paper bigger. They made it big enough that you could actually have about 1GB of usable space. But this isn't a *standard sized* form factor.\n\nToday, hard drives come in 2 standard form sizes. 2.5 inch and 3.5 inch. They are able to get them down to this size because technology can write smaller now.\n\nThere is another factor I haven't touched on but is kind of important too. Even in the SSD world, adding another page doesn't exactly guarantee 2048 boxes.\n\nRefer back to the Graph Paper image link.  See how there's cut off boxes at the edges of the paper? That's unusable memory. Kind of like the extreme edge of a physical disk in a HDD.  You can't really use that space.  If you tried, you stand the chance of losing that information.  Some people call this a loss. This happens in SDD's too. \n\nEven in the SDD world, manufacturing doesn't always allow for an exact number of addressable boxes.  Remember, memory addresses are just tiny transistors printed on a tiny piece of silicone.\n\nI have 2 120GB SSD's in my system.  One is for Linux, the other for Windows.  120GB is what it says on the label.  After installation and formatting, both have available space of [111.79GB](https://imgur.com/MoUtlRu). \n\nMaybe I should feel ripped off. But I'm not mad. I'm sure there are at least 120GB worth of addresses, but the file system that's installed on it can't really use it to the edges. The file system has rules too. It uses that memory to make it's own sort of *margins* or *boxes* on the disk (memory) too. Actually, I'd bet there is probably 128GB's worth of memory on there. Remember, 128 is a standard binary memory size.\n\nAnd if you really want to get into great detail about how manufactures come up with the capacity - go here [http://www.tweakandtrick.com/2013/07/lost-storage-space.html](http://www.tweakandtrick.com/2013/07/lost-storage-space.html).\n\nIn the computer world, we have come to accept that the number on a HDD or an SDD is a rough number.  It's not a guarantee.  It depends on a lot of factors, including the file system and allowing for some *bad* transistors during manufacture, and that we can't write to the edge of the paper.  \n\nIn the beginning, SDD's were following that standard binary numbering (and some still do) but as they get bigger and more manufacturing problems are factored in (ie. more cut off boxes on the edge of the paper) we are starting to see this \"rounding\" more often as the manufacturers push the envelope and pack more and more transistors (grid boxes) into them.\n\nAnd don't forget how binary works. 500G to a manufacturer means approx 465.66GB to a computer. Neither is wrong. It really is a 500GB HDD and it really is a 465.66GB HDD. Depending who you ask.\n\n\n","Because those numbers are powers of two. Computers address memory (and do everything else) with binary numbers. It makes sense to have memory in amounts that line up with powers of two because there's no saving in address space if it doesn't. That is, 7KB takes just as much address space as 8KB.\n\nSo it's 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64, 128, 256, 512, 1024, etc.\n\nfrom: https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/1m7ev4/eli5_why_is_computer_memory_always_in_multiples/","You lost me with all of the big numbers and the long explanation. I have the attention span of a\n\nSource: am 5","/r/iamverysmart\n\n\nThey use 1000 instead of 1024 for each KB.","&gt; They use 1000 instead of 1024 for each KB.\n\nThat's because the decimal measurement is pretty much the standard  in measuring capacity, not binary. ","Well on the PC, binary is most definitely the only system used. 1024KB=1MB when actually doing anything on PC. They only use 1000 instead of 1024 on storage, just to be assholes. 120GB vs 120GB is not the same when the later is using 1024, obviously.","&gt;They only use 1000 instead of 1024 on storage, just to be assholes.\n\nI know. But the OP was talking about storage, and in measuring storage, decimal is pretty much the standard, so 1000KB=1MB in measuring *capacity*. I think that's where this thread kinda went south. ","Well, it's still not correct to say it's okay for storage. I'm sure someone out there does their storage 1024=1KB","From a legal standpoint, it is OK for storage. For purposes of storage, a base 10 unit was finally agreed upon (or allowed, depending on how you look at it). \n\n&gt;I'm sure someone out there does their storage 1024=1KB\n\nSomeone did, way back. I did too, when I was wondering why my 300 gig HDD wasn't really 300 gigs. I linked one such class action lawsuit. Most people aren't even aware of this. But it's been this way for way over 10 years now. ","You're right... But the way we choose to read signals off of, say, a CD is still digital, not analog. There *is* noise, and there are no perfect \"off\" and \"on\" signals coming from any source in the world, but the way it is interpreted is fully digital. A digital system can't interpret something as being \"kinda sorta on.\" Thus, it's not incorrect to say some sources are digital, because they are interpreted exactly so, not as an abstraction of an analog signal.","Right. The only reason we call a system digital is because we're expecting to find digital information in it, and it's important to make that distinction.\n\nBut we're still always dealing with an analog system, even when we choose to interpret it digitally. That's the abstraction.","&gt; digital information\n\nThat's the important distinction here. Yes, everything is analog but we refer to digital to mean a signal that carries information - 1s and 0s.","I suppose if we really want to dig down to the absolute basis of a system, then yes, all systems are analog. But I think in terms of practicality, it makes more sense to refer to digitally interpreted systems as digital. When we talk about cars, we don't say \"internal-combustion-engine-propelled-metal-bodied-rubber-tire-rollers\" every time, the assumption is already made. But I guess in context of trying to fully explain the original question, you could explain that everything is, technically, analog.","What kind of 5 year old could read this much? Fail...","This has to do with 1GB being 1024MB but every company I\"m aware of uses 1000MB for their math.\nThough for what ever reason RAM doesn't seem to suffer from this. 2GB is 2GB.\n\nWhen we only had 10-30GB hard drives you never lost too much But now my 1T hard drive is only 931GB and my 2T which should be 2000GB is \"only\" 1853GB. That's a loss of roughly 150GB due to poor math.","[deleted]","Actually I don't know any 5yo's!\n\nMy comment was an answer to one being more complicated than just using hex to begin with, so people who can follow that post should be able to follow mine.\n\nFor the ones who couldn't my answer wouldn't be of value either way.","[deleted]","There's like a whole galaxy of possible designs between those two things. [Base 3 computers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ternary_computer), for example.","&gt; Electronics don't operate on the state of on/off because it's easy, this is done because it is literally the only way electronics can operate on the lowest level.\n\nWrong, and actually MLC (multi level cell) flash memory **does** work on more than two states. You have a range of voltages that corresponds to values, e.g. 0-1v could be state '00', then from 1.1v-2v state '01', 2.1v-3v state '10' and &gt;=3.1v as state '11'.\n\nThe problem with this is that it degrades the cells much faster than SLC (single level cell) because if a bit is at 2.2v and degrades to 1.9v, the bits flip from '10' to '01', this is corruption.\n\nCommunication systems use the same thing, in the digital world something is either on or off but in the analogue domain you have ranges of values. Modern systems can have over 100 different voltage levels to give you different data (this is how you can get super fast internet over copper cable, but the further away you are, the weaker the signal and less distinction between the different stages means that you can't use as much of the frequency range or the most complex modulation schemes)","Analog computers have been made, but it is much harder to control the voltages than just having anything above some limit mean \"on\" and everything below mean \"off\".","That's not true.  A bit in transit is not actually on or off.  It's two different voltage levels that are discrete.  Digital computers weren't created because they were limited to those states.  Base 2 math is just the best system for general computing that we know.    Here's the history of analog computers,   which are not digital computers.\n\nhttps://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Analog_computer#Electronic_analog_computers","Becoz of the binary system in digital system/devices dude..\n\nAlso why it's multiples of 64, 128, 256 which are 2^n.. it's prolly because of the device's addressing scheme/mechanism/machine dude.\n\nI think it's not that engineers who is not able to round the devices storage to 500gb e.g. but it's just to not waste the bits/digits when that is used to address them. (I am not sure I am not solid state expert / ee guy.. but i think that's why -they dont want to waste the wiring for the addressing so they make it whole (to the binary powers i guess)) --ee guys/ssd expert.. pls upvote me if i'm right ;) or correct me if wrong\n ","A quantum theorist would disagree... ","I'm not entirely sure that quantum systems have to be digital. They're discrete, but I don't think discrete systems have to be digital. They can be analog. I'm not an expert in this area, so I could be wrong.","Well, quantum systems must take on one of two binary states when measured and are indeterminate until measured. The \"continuous world\" implied by relativity is in conflict with this idea and this disagreement forms the core dilemma of modern physics.\n\nThe mathematics seeking to harmonize these two theoretical frameworks is complex and ever-evolving. It could be that reality is both analog and digital depending on how one interrogates it. But it could also be that it is fundamentally discrete and the standard model is incomplete - which everybody agrees is the case.\n\nRight now at CERN, there are hints of particles not predicted by the standard model. I hear results will be published this summer. I don't think will change the essentially discrete framework however.\n\nOne thing for sure: Reality is not what we think it is. Analog vs. digital are human constructs. I rather think reality is something else entirely and from here inside the simuverse, we are ultimately limited in our inquiries. Until we take LSD of course...","This is the beat explanation.  Thank you.  I'm going to use the candy pool analogy in the future if that's okay.  ","Hexadecimal notation. The first '0x' is there to show that the following number is going to be a hexadecimal number instead of a decimal number. Then the rest of the string is the number. Since hex is 0-15, the numbers go 1-2-3...-9-A-B...F-00-01 etc. Because it's possible to have a hex number with only 'normal' digits, the 0x prefix makes sure that the reader knows that it isn't actually a base ten number.","\"Why powers of 2?\" doesn't explain why SSDs have them and HDDs don't. The candy metaphor explains the difference. Explaining why *those specific numbers* show up for the SSDs, and in computing everywhere, is, while interresting, about as relevant as explaining the decimal system because nice round decimal numbers show up for the HDDs.","&gt; The candy metaphor explains the difference.\n\nNo. It doesn't.","Yes, it does. At least I understood the difference thanks to the candy answer.\n\nAnd judging from the votes, so did a lot of other people.","There: https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/4g6f6r/eli5_how_come_solid_state_drives_ssds_are_mostly/d2f9rwe?context=1\n\nELI5 enough for you?","&gt; Reality is analog\n\nWell, it was until around [1905](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Photoelectric_effect).","Discrete systems can be analog, can't they? I imagine the photoelectric effect is a perfect example of a discrete analog system. But I'm not much of a physicist.","Most SSD's also are rounded (For instance, I have both a 256 GB and a 250 GB SSD). In SSD's which round, they often DO have the extra space (The extra 6 GB in the case of the 250 GB SSD), but the extra space is used for wear leveling","&gt; The candy metaphor is dumb as rocks, similar to the people upvoting it.\n\nWow. Well, fuck you too I guess?\n\nI liked the candy answer because it actually helped me understand the answer to the question, unlike the other answers.","&gt; Reality is analog\n\nAnalog is quantized just like everything else in the universe, just at a much much higher sampling rate.","Not really. A sampling rate and precision of infinite isn't a sampling rate anymore. At that point it'd just be that attribute of the whole thing.","The question is \"Why is the universe is quantized and not continuous?\"\n\nA first answer is because the universe obeys quantum rather than classical physics.","Unless I'm mistaken, many attributes in quantum physics are still analog values. Some things like mass and potential energy have discrete minimum quantities (are digital) but other things like velocity are just as analog as in classic physics.","So... the universe is digital. [Something like this?](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-aDNsJyfEvkM/To2NK-cdunI/AAAAAAAAI8o/63ZK2-M5Izg/s1600/Matrix_082Pyxurz.jpg)","It has to do with the controlling logic for the drive.\n\nA hhd accesses the bits by platter and radius.  So even with a single spinning platter, the amount of space for data depends on things like speed of spin, pi, how many tracks you can fit.   It adds up to some numbers that don't always round easily.\n\nA ssd accesses the bits by poking 100011101 and 101110011 and so on.  The amount of space for data depends on the amount of wires/digits that are relevant.  If you increase the amount of digits from XXX to XXXX, you *double* the amount of spots you can poke.    So you might as well just double the amount of memory slots you are you manufacturing while you are at it.","Too long and convoluted of an ELI5. I don't understand the upvotes.\n","I feel like it would be easier to understand with a Lego analogy.\n\nLego sells two types of packages - buckets (HDD) and individual brick packs (SSD).\n\nA bucket is sold containing 500 bricks, and Lego can't make bigger buckets (because people wouldn't be able to store them as this bucket size has been in use for quite some time and matches everyone's shelf space). So instead, to increase the number of bricks sold in a bucket, they may the bricks smaller - and can sell same size buckets but with 1000 bricks, 2000 bricks so on (but these figures are usually rounded up by Lego anyway e.g. 1862 may be the actual physical amount of bricks that can fit in the \"2000\" bucket- some say Lego is using dishonest sales tactics and that debate has been going on for a long time). But there's an upper limit to how small the bricks can be made for obvious reasons.\n\nThe individual bricks are sold in smaller better fitting packaging. Due to manufacturing limitations, Lego can sell only 2x4 8-stud bricks - so the smallest pack you can buy is an 8-stud brick. However, as demand for the more convenient packs grow (and less for the cumbersome buckets), Lego start doubling the amount of bricks you can get in each - 2, 4, 8, 16, 32... 256... 1064 (again, due to manufacturing limitations, they can only double the size of the packs each time).\n\nIn the meantime, they are able to make the bricks smaller so that 1000 (1024) bricks pack is still half the size of a bucket - therefore much easier to store and much more attractive to buy.","So why not send 15 or 17 or 20 piece packages? ","Cool analogies, but this answer didn't in fact answer OPs question ...","That didn't answer the question at all. He's asking why one is counted by 8s the other by 10s. ","A cute story that didn't answer the question. How this got up voted I have no idea..","It's hexadecimal notation. Base-16. It's a really convenient way of describing binary numbers because 1 digit of hex translates into exactly 4 digits of binary.\n\n0x0 = 0000 = 0\n\n0x1 = 0001 = 1\n\n0x2 = 0010 = 2\n\n0x3 = 0011 = 3\n\n0x4 = 0010 = 4\n\n0x5 = 0101 = 5\n\n0x6 = 0110 = 6\n\n0x7 = 0111 = 7\n\n0x8 = 1000 = 8\n\n0x9 = 1001 = 9\n\n0xA = 1010 = 10\n\n0xB = 1011 = 11\n\n0xC = 1100 = 12\n\n0xD = 1101 = 13\n\n0xE = 1110 = 14\n\n0xF = 1111 = 15","Solid state drives and RAM are built out of switches that flip two ways. Every time you build more storage, the easiest thing is to take two modules and stick one switch in front of them, like stacks of Y branching out.\n\nHard drives store info as spots on a disc.  If you want more storage, you could use twice the drives, but that costs double the money.  If you could make a better dot writer, then you can use the same disc for more dots.  But that might be a 104% or a 37% increase, not necessarily twice as much.\n\nThe real reason hard drives are reported in 10s is that the same number of bytes written in base 10 looks bigger than written in base 2.  Way back, hard drive makers would round down to the nearest 1024 bytes because the difference wasn't very large.  But when manufacturers started putting out billion byte disks,  saying 1000000000 bytes was a gigabyte was a big difference from 1073741824 bytes.   Then their 1* gigabyte drive seemed way bigger than a 0.931 gigabyte drive. ","There are SSDs thay are rounded nunbers like 60, 120, 250 etc. These are usualy the cheaper ans slower alternatives while the more accurate 64,128,512 etc are the higher up models and are much faster.\nGoogle \"dual and triple cell SSds\" you will see what I'm talking about. I can't really explain it well. But I had to learn this through Google when working at a computer store.","probably these are the ones with some faulty memory inside, so after this faulty memory is disabled they get lower capacity. For example: company manufactures 64GB, some of the disks have 1GB of faulty memory, some have 2GB of faulty memory etc. So they take all 64GB disks that have 1-4GB of faulty space, disable 4GB and sell them as 60GB. \nThat's my guess though. ","Marketing and psychology.\n\nLet's pretend you're a car manufacturer.  You've taught your customers that a 100 HP car is good, a 200 HP car is better, and a 300 HP car is the best.  Then your R&amp;D department tells you that they've come up with a super car that is faster but has less HP.  How do you convince your customers to buy it?\n\nIf you use the same HP convention, then many customers will stick to the 200 HP car over the 100 HP super car.  However, if you use a different convention for the super car, then people will be more likely to try and understand the difference.\n\nEffectively, to differentiate smaller and more expensive SSDs from their larger and cheaper cousins, marketers decided to use a different numbering system so that customers would know SSDs were special/better.","Actually it's because of the mechanical difference between HDDs and SSDs. SSDs consist of lots of flash memory. Flash memory is of binary sizes (2, 8, 16, 32, etc.). Clean multiples of these result in the numbers that you see in SSDs. \n\nHDDs don't have this limitation. ","Yeah, the listed capacity of SSDs is arbitrary. An SSD has substantially more storage than what's listed--as blocks wear out, they're replaced from the hidden space. Making SSD capacities powers of 2 makes them sound like RAM, which is fast.\n\n","Got any source for the \"hidden space\", genuinely curious.","Sure, [here's an Anandtech writeup on spare capacity on an Intel SSD](http://www.anandtech.com/show/6489/playing-with-op). 268GB of NAND on board, 200GB advertised capacity.\n\nThe other thing is space must be used for error correction. When an SSD writes a few hundred bytes of data, it also writes a few tens of bytes of information used on retrieval to check whether bits were flipped here and there. As some of this happens in hardware custom-wired for this purpose, the fact that CPUs use power-of-two addressing doesn't really apply. You can wire a circuit to do pretty much anything.\n\nNAND chips come standard in power-of-two capacities, but you can mix and match them. A typical SSD has one to three dozen of these chips at varying sizes. \n\nSo power-of-two SSD capacities is just a marketing thing. It's troubling in8nirvana's answer is getting downvotes :/\n\nEdit: also, some of the cells on each chip will be unusable due to manufacturing defects. Dunno the typical %age off the top of my head. SSD manufacturers need to include extra to hit the listed capacity.\n\nEdit2: the other answers aren't that off-base—they just apply more to the NAND chips themselves, not entire SSDs.","Quite an interesting read, thanks!","The difference between analog and digital is that analog is not 'quanitized'. You have to sample an analog signal to quantize it. CDs are made by quantizing the signal at a prescribed sampling rate.","In more detail:\n\nHard drive sizes are determined by the manufacturer and are in nice marketable round numbers (e.g. 500GB). However, this is the number of actual bytes (5x10^11, or 500000000000). From a computer's point of view, a GB is actually 1024x1024x1024, so when you format the drive, it ends up being only with 465.66GB of usable space. The bigger the drive, the bigger the apparent difference. A 100GB drive \"loses\" about 7%, while a 1TB drive \"loses\" over 9%, purely due to accounting differences.\n\nSecondly, SDD are also often marketed with non-base 2 numbers (for example, a Samsung 850 EVO has 250GB of storage). This is because of wear-leveling. SSD's are prone to having memory cells go bad, so they need to be replaced with unused cells. The 850 EVO may have 256GB of actual storage, of which 6GB is reserved for wear-leveling cell replacement.","My 4 year old has no idea what he's saying. I'll report back when my 6 year old reads it.","There's always discretization in digital systems. All signals are *technically* analog. The only thing that makes them digital is if we presume the signal to only represent one of two discrete values at any point in time, regardless of its actual value.\n\nBut we don't say that these are analog systems.","Well yeah, you can say that. \nI have taken numerous courses in forensic data recovery and for that purpose the data on the plate is referred to as analog. But hey, what do I know? ","It is analog. But in most cases, we refer to it as digital because it's easier to think about. For forensic data recovery, it may be easier to think of it as an analog system. Take your pick.\n\nAnd I'm graduating in two weeks with a degree in computer engineering. But hey, what do I know?","Well, on a spec sheet we may not say they are analog. However, if the difference between two systems relates to properties at the analog level, then it is fair to refer to one of them being analog since it is at the level important to the discussion.\n\nIt's not clear to me that this is exactly the case here, but it is close. SSDs have a cost associated with powers of two (digital) but HDD costs for memory size is continuously scalable, which is generally described as analog.\n\nBut that isn't enough info to explain the difference, so it might not be sufficient enough to describe this way.\n","The current top answer is ELI5 worthy, but I was still going \"sooo... Why?\" (Because why not copy/paste something with a round number)\n\nFor me the simple answer was dumbed down too much and the more complex answer actually had the why explained. ","Back when I first got into computers Hard drives were available in the same sizes you see SSDs today. 128mb, 256mb, 512mb, then we went to 1gb, and it kind of restarted. Had 8gb, 16gb, 32gb, etc. that's why when someone says they have a 350gb hard drive I'm like are you sure? Because when 300ish GB drives were a thing they were 320gb on advertised size, and registered as 298gb. That's probably why they changed the way they're advertised because for instance a 320gb HDD is closer to 300gb than it is 320gb. ","Because computers run on [binary numbers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binary_number). This is just as relevant to the question as [decimal numbers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decimal), because HDDs show the nice round decimal numbers. But binary numbers only explain why *those specific numbers* show up, not why we see the difference between SSDs and HDDs. The reason fro that difference is what the candy metaphor explains.","I really hate how I buy a 1 tb drive but I can't use 1tb for storage, they should give me the extra gigs required to make what's advertised the actual available space. But I do have a thing for rounded numbers sooooo","That's bright, a saturated opamp over the signal, I never thought that way :)","Not saying what you wrote is wrong, but I guess the point of ELI5 is not necessarily word things so that a small child can understand, but to explain things with the assumption in mind that the other person has no background knowledge on the topic whatsoever. \n\nI've built the PC I'm writing on, so I don't consider myself *completely* retarded when it comes to these things, but that explanation... lost me. \n\nAgain, not complaining, just stating.","&gt; then it's safe to assume\n\nUh, no, it's not. Alot of people understand a gigabyte to be a large amount of memory (or, a given amount of it). They would say that they understand it, but I doubt that they do in the way you mean. This is ELI5. \n\nI doubt an average 5 year old would understand what switches are. There are ways you can simplify everything. Sure, it may not actually have all of the complexity that makes it \"true\" but most of that complexity doesn't matter to someone who wants a simple explanation.","I see it as 2 groups of people.  1 group wants a simple answer that requires little knowledge of the subject area.  The other group actually wants a real answer, but that requires a more complex answer.\n\nI think both answers are fine here.","Yeah, I agree that both answers are fine, but they were saying that it couldn't be dumbed down anymore, and to go read Wikipedia...","&gt; How about this. Using only ~~the information gathered from the candy metaphor~~ *your knowledge of base 2 number systems*, try to explain in a ELIYourAge format why you think computer storage sizes are almost always multiples of 2 ***for SSDs, but not for HDDs, which was the actual question***.","Stahp! You're making me think to much, it hurts! /s","Ah, okay. Well, as I said powers of two arise from doubling from 1. \n\nif you take 1 and double it 3 times, you have 8. He may as well have started from one, or 16. It makes literally no difference whatsoever. ","\"Let's not pay for this thing that people worked to create!\" \"Okay but we better make sure we help share it with other people that don't want to pay, otherwise we're being selfish\"","But ethics do work in this way sometimes, and inside those communities such ethics really do create more healthy and effective interaction and cooperation. If you look at this from a practical perspective, ethics rock, no matter the premise.\n\nOn another note, large file-sharing communities (like rutracker in Russia) have enormous sections that file, preserve and promote material in a way that wouldn't be accessible otherwise. A myriad TV programs, old books, films that were barely published in the awkwardest of media formats, everything that's out of print (including precious old scientific books and manuals), rare independent films that were only screened several times, etc. Moreover, since this is volunteer work, such communities often have caretakers and contributors that are experts on the topic, experienced librarians and connosieurs of the stuff. Moreover, often torrents are used to share non-copyrighted material or material that has shaky and undefined copyright status that is just a hurdle that new publishers don't want to touch. Finally, many creators now use file-sharing protocols to freely distribute their work.\n\nIn this regard, the \"mainstream\" chaotic torrenting like 0-day TV show torrents or screen-grabbed superhero movie premieres is like \"Top of the Pops\", music store listening devices, and Indian movie DVD markets - compared to music clubs at conservatories, cinema discussion clubs, antique book shops and underground scientific conglomerates (BTW there is a movement to \"pirate\" and share, en masse, scientific articles that are kept behind pay-gates by large peer-reviewed articles repositories; not sure what my stance is without investigating, but really, a large part of articles are already free-access and published freely as preprints, so it does seem like taking advantage of status quo by scientific journals and systems like SAGE). In some respect, a small chaotic antique book shop is a nice analogy: it sells material that was copyrighted and brought income to its rights holders some time ago, but now its only merit is its content, and the books themselves are sold way below cost, with no money going to copyright holders.\n\nIt surely underscores the problems and issues of copyright that have to be solved, and new approaches to the problem that allow creators to benefit and people to access good material (and not bad one) with the help of knowledgeable people. But right here, right now, ethics work even in pirate circles. If anything, they promote advancement in media encoding and media quality.","You seem intelligent. Intelligent enough to know I'm not talking about the sharing of information beneficial to human kind, I'm talking about the major use of torrents, entertainment items such as shows and movies that the creators deserve to to be paid for. I've torrented such things in the past. And when I have I seeded for at least a while out of common courtesy. But the idea that THAT'S morality or ethics but piracy is okay is hilarious. And I never said anything about file sharing ethics. I said pirate ethics. Of course there are tons of legitimate uses for file sharing.","A very large amount of what ahard drive does is in the analog world.  The amplifier to write 1's and 0's is done in analog.  REading is done in analog.  Most hard disk data is pulled off as \"noise\" and ends up being pulled out of the noise using some sophisticated algorithms.  (Very similar to what allows gigabit speeds on cat5..)  \n\nThe head is positioned by a voice coil.  Voice coils are analog devices.  \n\nThe motor that drives the spindle is a three phase motor.  The tachometer ouput from that is analog too.  \n\nThe SATA interface is \"mostly analog\" being a differential signal.  It's not looking for \"one or zero\" it's looking for \"is it higher or lower\"  and that operates in the analog realm.  \n\nComputers, while they do deal with ones and zeros, are wildly alive in the analog realm.   ","While the technical answers are undoubtedly true, they're not contextually meaningful here.  It really is purely marketing, making you think that the higher precision in labelling translates into higher *accuracy* in labelling, and that it's more 'high-tech'. \n\nIf you did any research into SSD capacities, you'd realised that they suffer from the same capacity losses as traditional HDDs, namely ~7% at GB level. This is true regardless of the labelling. E.g. a '128GB' SSD has 119GB actual capacity, while one labelled '120GB' has 111GB, and '100GB', only 93GB, just like HDDs. This is despite SDDs requiring space for controllers/firmware and relevant software to be stored on the same flash chips that are used for data storage, and that doesn't scale linearly for increasing capacities. This is also true for smaller form factors like thumb drives and sd cards.  \n\nThis means that, unlike what the technical answers suggest, they are NOT truly sold with (multiples of 2) blocks of (powers of 2) flash storage. That would actually give consumers advertised capacity minus about 1% for firmware, down to 0.1% discrepancy in the TB levels. No way the profit-driven boards and CEOs will do that when consumers are simply used to being lied to, and think that there are more complicated technical reasons beyond their understanding. It's really just thinly-veiled false advertisement that can be brought down by a class action (which has happened before). Who are they kidding when they claim that using base 10 is justified in an ecosystem where literally no hardware or software in all existence has ever used anything other than base 2 (and *maybe* base 3 in the future in quantum computers)? \n\nBuyers often assume those drives would have identical capacities, but the discrepancies become significant when you reach the 512GB level, (there's really almost a 40GB difference between drives labelled 480GB, and those labelled 512GB) and gets exponentially worse at TB levels.  \n\nEdit: sorry about the inconsistent GB/Gb/gb usage, was typing on my phone at 2am because this issue triggers me so hard.","128 GB = 119 GiB\n\nThey're not the same units.\nOSs report size in Gib not GB.","Yes, the \"GiB\" here is what is now conventionally known and used as the \"GB\" standard. The \"GB\" you're referring to does not exist in practice, hence it has replaced \"GiB\" for brevity and to reduce confusion, but that seems to have backfired.","The only thing I don't get about this is that SSDs need some over provisioning of flash memory but if you sell these SSDs at x^2 intervals there is no flash memory left for that and SSD manufacturers need to put additional flash memory onboard...","There are three sources for that over provisioning. One is that solid state drives are typically designed at a hardware level to have a certain number of GiB (1024^(x)), while they're marketed as a number of GB (1000^(x)).\n\nAnother is that often they'll make the size just under the expected value, like a 60 GB drive instead of 64, or a 250 GB drive instead of 256.\n\nThe third way is that they'll just put a ninth chip on a board. The binary architecture is most important at the chip level. It isn't that inefficient to put a number of chips on a board that isn't a power of two. ","That would make it more complicated and take longer to access then just adding another memory location.\n\nKind of like a truck driver with a water tank attached but if he gets thirsty it's a lot quicker to drink from a water bottle in the cab","Computers use base 2 to count (which is why they use binary, only 0 and 1). So, 2GB^6 = 64GB and it doubles every time when the exponent is raised by 1.  \n  \nEDIT: To please those who haven't passed 5^th grade math:  \n  \n2x2=4  \n4x2=8  \n8x2=16  \n16x2=32  \n32x2=64  \n64x2=128  \n128x2=256 (pixel color/light value for HD content)  \n256x2=512","But what makes hard drives different from solid state drives in this respect? Wouldn't HDDs be bound to the same rules essentially?","Not at all.  It used to be that the disk was divided into fixed sectors tracks and blocks.  The size of the disk was pretty much determined by the innermost track since it would have the (physically) smallest sectors.  As things got more sophisticated, they were able to make disks that stored more data on the outer tracks.  Then they found ways to make the tracks smaller and closer together.  Eventually it become like one of those old manuscripts where paper was so valuable that they wrote between the lines, in the margins, in different directions and in different colors just to pack more information onto a single sheet.\n\nFlash memory is totally different.  Instead of a \"sheet\" of magnetic media, it is comprised of lots of individual cells.  There are tricks to put multiple bits in a single cell but the number of levels per cell is still a small fixed integer.   ","In other words, why can't we bundle three or seven packages of candies together, why must we always bundle exactly two? Wouldn't there be customers who want just three, not two or four?\n\nIt's because of the way you actually get those pieces of candy. \n\nOn a hard disk, it's like a crane-catcher game, and you give it the unique serial number (address) of the piece of candy you want, and it fetches it for you by moving a physical mechanism. In order for this to work, the crane needs an internal means (controller) to convert serial numbers to instructions on how to move the crane. The physical media does not have to be organized in binary fashion, it is just a big collection of storage cells that can be somehow accessed. Although a cell address is represented in binary form, there is a conversion layer between it and the physical layout.\n\nBut with the SSD candies, it's simpler and there is no conversion layer. The way you select a piece is by using your hands to break apart the multipack into its two subpacks, keeping one and ignoring the other (based on each successive bit of the serial number/address), and repeating that process until you end up with the last twin-pack, which you finally break, and keep that single candy that you want. You only have two hands (like computers use binary 0/1). As a consequence the media must be binary-addressed. A memory cell is accessed by sending a signal down a path of binary branches, where each branch's direction is determined by the corresponding bit in the address. \n\nYou cannot bundle three packs because then you would need three hands to break them apart and choose which one to keep. (That would not be binary.) And if you bundled just three candies (or sub-packs) in a four-pack, one of those packages would be empty. That's undesirable because there's no point in having an empty package when you could just put a candy into it, and also you wouldn't know what to do if the one you chose was the empty one (like if an address has no corresponding storage).","Hdd's arent whole numbers, theyve always been rounded up to whatever is close. Look on the case or check out the specs on the pc under explorer (although its not entirely accurate)","Also, they count in base 10, which is why your computer usually accounts for less. For the actual non-rounded GB for the HDD, you have to multiply it by (1000/1024)^3 . Mac's and Linix computers do this by default, I think only Window's still has this issue. ","You know MS is never going to change that tho","&gt;To please those who haven't passed 5th grade math:\n\nThis is ELI5\n\nThat means, explain like I'm\n\n##FIVE\n\n","&gt;E is for explain.\n\n&gt;This is for concepts you'd like to understand better; not for simple one word answers, walkthroughs, or personal problems.\n\n&gt;I5 means friendly, simplified and layman-accessible explanations.\n\n&gt;Not responses aimed at literal five year olds (which can be patronizing).\n","&gt;friendly, simplified and layman-accessible\n\nSounds suspiciously similar to how you would explain something to a five year old.. ","&gt; Not responses aimed at literal five year olds (which can be patronizing).\n\n","Pretty sure 5 year olds could be unsure of exponents how computers count. ","Good thing this sub isn't for literal 5 year olds then ","It amazes me that after all this time people cannot understand the point of this subreddit. Read the damn rules.","cool. We don't though. ","A good example is RAM. Check out a stick, there's 8 pieces on it, so if the memory in each one is identical, the total memory will be divisible by 8. In theory ","I'm assuming since you don't wait for the platter to turn, you can read/write and thus send a bit of data more often per unit of time, allowing you more connections simultanously.","Yes, but the bottleneck is most likely NOT the hard drive, rather the connection by an order of magnitude or two.","Hey, he might be seeding at a hub. The question was about why a SSD would be better for up speed then a HDD.","This is a poor explanation. ELI5 isn't for literal explanations for five year olds, it's for simple explanations and you didn't even answer the question. ","It really only is about marketing. Hardrives rarely are in the exact sizes given (raw, then file system overhead is added). Solid State Drive on the other hand usually are in the sized given, and tend to become bigger in multiples because of design aspects and addressing aspects.","With HDDs the amount of data that is possible to be stored is determined by quality of the platter, size of the hard drive, precision of read head etc., so companies will try to just push the bar over the next hundred. Also, an 100 GB HDD may actually store like 110 GB of data, but that 10 GB is there to replace any bad sectors that may pop up during usage of the hard drive.\n\nSSDs are made of flash memory chips, these come in 'computery' sizes like 128, 256 MB or any multiples of that. When you put 500 chips of 512 MB each you get a 256 GB SSD. If you wanted to make it a 200 GB SSD you would need to put 781.25 chips on there. You can't have a quarter of a chip so 192 MB get thrown out, and, 781 is an awful number to work with.","The bit about the extra 10gb being used to replace bad sectors isn't entirely true. Windows and other operating systems goes by binary (GiB or TiB, or MiB) depending on the size, where manufacturers go by GB, TB, PB, MB, which is the decimal measurement. So the difference is the difference between binary and decimal and has nothing to do with space being reserved for bad sectors. For instance, my hard drive is 1 TB. That's what the manufacturer goes by. Windows sees it in gibibytes, which is 931 GiB. Even though Windows will just show \"GB\", it is actually displayed in GiB. I'm on a phone so it's hard to give some links, but a quick Google search will give you some good resources explaining it. ","[deleted]","WHich has nothing to do with the question being asked.","Technical but relateable.  Nice balance, fellow Redditor","&gt; From this candy metaphor alone, there's no reason to the specificity of numbers appearing in powers of 2, but it's this specificity that the original question was asking about.\n\nNo, the question *specifically* is about why it's one way for SSDs, and another for HDDs. ","Almost but not quite. \n\nFirst off GB is not 1024 /* 1024 /*1024 but rather 1000^3. \n\nWhat happens is that they put together chips like you said to make say 1 GiB (1024x1024x1024) that 1 GiB is then marketed as a 1GB drive (1000x1000x1000). So what happens to those extra 24x24x24 bits? \n\nWell that 7% goes into providing spare space. That spare space helps the SSD operate at peak efficiency by allowing for wear leveling, and spare sectors. It's basically an extra closet the SSD controller can shove shit into when it wants to do some cleaning.\n\nEdit: Fixed accidental bolding","There isn't widespread (enough) agreement that GB is definitely powers of 1000.  Windows still reports powers of 1024 as KB, MB, GB, etc., for example.  While I'd love for everyone to agree on one standard, the simple truth is that we aren't there yet. \n\nDespite this, the point about extra space is valid, but it doesn't necessarily come from the difference between 1024-based units and 1000-based units.  Very often you'll see that there are actually 2^N + 1 chips on a board, such as [this](https://webobjects2.cdw.com/is/image/CDW/3617122?$product-main$) DIMM:  there are 9 identical chips plus one different one in the middle (likely the controller).  That's where they're getting the extra pace in many cases.  \n\nSometimes with flash memory they'll use the difference between 1024-based GB and 1000-based GB as the source of the overprovisioning, while in other cases they'll include more memory and in other cases they'll just mark the drive as having a lower amount of storage (e.g. making a \"250 GB\" drive).\n\nAll of this is an interesting topic to get into, but it doesn't serve to answer OP's question about why the different technologies have different patterns in their sizing which is why I left it out. ","XKCD comic on the topic:\nhttps://xkcd.com/394/","&gt;  While I'd love for everyone to agree on one standard, the simple truth is that we aren't there yet.\n\nThe problem is that we have two groups of people. The smaller expert group that care will probably specify. Any paper or technical document will specify that SI prefixes will be used in 1024 or 1000 multiples as needed. \n\nThen we have the much, much larger group that really don't care. Your average joe buying a computer doesn't much care the difference between 100GB and 100GiB, so long as it gets on facebook. Hell, I'd say I'm pretty damn expert with computers having 2 degrees and worked for a decade and I still don't care about the difference. Modern drives being in the TB, even though that amplifies the error, we are long beyond the capacity where such error even matters for day to day usage. ","Widespread? As far as I know, Microsoft are the only ones who are doing it wrong.","Even if Microsoft is \"doing it wrong\" they are over half the market so I'd say it's wide spread","1000^3 is \"hard drive scam GB\", not GB.","http://www.iec.ch/si/binary.htm","Yep.  And the reason we changed is, as I said, hard drive scammers realized *they* could advertise a slightly larger drive if they misused GB to mean 1000^3 instead of 1024^3.","No 1000 bytes is the IEC definition of a kilobyte.","No, this isn't true. 1000 bytes = 1 KB is the [official standard](http://www.iso.org/iso/catalogue_detail?csnumber=31898), and is what is reported by almost all software. It's what Linux will tell you, what OS X will tell you, what Android will tell you, what iOS will tell you, what virtually every single programming language will tell you, what [Google](https://www.google.com.au/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=1000+bytes) will tell you, how DVDs, Blu-rays, network speeds are measured. It is overwhelmingly more popular and more established than the 1024 system (which is used by Windows and RAM sizes, and very little else). You will notice that Windows reports a different file/drive size to every other OS, tool, and software library out there for this reason.\n\nIt's called the metric system, hard drive manufacturers didn't invent it. \n\nNumber|Weight|Distance|Volume|Data\n:-------|:-------|:----------|:-------|:------\n1000^0|gram|metre|litre|byte\n1000^1|kilogram|kilometre|kilolitre|kilobyte\n1000^2|megagram|megametre|megalitre|megabyte\n1000^3|gigagram|gigametre|gigalitre|gigabyte\n1000^4|teragram|terametre|teralitre|terabyte\n1000^5|petagram|petametre|petalitre|petabyte\n1000^6|exagram|exametre|exalitre|exabyte","Wrong. 1000^3 is GB 1024^3 is GiB \n\nhttp://www.seagate.com/tech-insights/ssd-over-provisioning-benefits-master-ti/","Like I said :)","ISO define it in powers of a thousand. We should just go by Gibibytes or whatever I guess.","Bears beat Battlestar Galactica.","Bears, beets, Battlestar Galactica* ","1024*1024*1024 -  1000*1000*1000 =/= 24*24*24","Use \\\\\\* instead of just one \\* so you get an asterisk instead of italic text ;)","Fuck LOL, thanks though :) ","&gt;First off GB is not 1024 /* 1024 /*1024 but rather 10003.\nWhat happens is that they put together chips like you said to make say 1 GiB (1024x1024x1024) that 1 GiB is then marketed as a 1GB drive (1000x1000x1000). So what happens to those extra 24x24x24 bits? \n\nHow is a 5yo supposed to follow that?","Some 5yos are mathematical prodigies. \n\nNext, I will ELI5 proof of Abel-Ruffini theorem.","&gt;Some 5yos are mathematical prodigies. \n\nAnd most still pick their noses and eat crayons ","Wait, I was supposed to stop doing that?","lol. Not when stuck in traffic ;-D\n\n^ the nose picking that is. \n\nCrayons are a whole other story.  ","First off, it's not 24×24×24, 1024^3-1000^3 is 73741824.","Physical harddrives have a shit read/write speed even compared to downllad speed over an average internet connection","What they mean is mechanical which to some people is synonymous with analog but that's not correct obviously.","I'm with HK-47 here.","I guess that user was probably confused by the fact that an hdd platter is a magnetic disc with the data physically encoded onto it with motors and a magnet. But the data is physically stored as 1's and 0's unlike a record where the bumps actually correlate to the soundwave (actually analog).\n\nMeanwhile an ssd is purely solid-state and has no moving parts. Typically that translates into efficiency.","Those aren't rounded spaces. The spaces you said for solid state drives are as rounded as you can get; powers of 2. 64 is 2*2*2*2*2*2 (2^6), 256 is 2^8 etc. I have no idea why hard drives are available in those spaces, probably to look ideal to the consumer.","First piece: Computers think in binary (skip all the numbers that aren't 1 or 0) so all counting that totals a round number is a power of 2.  2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64, 128, 246, 512 are all round numbers in binary.  (a standard 4 is 100 in binary)\n\nHard drives are divided in a way that there are few divisions in construction.  You can string a whole lot of ones and zeros in a continual line.  SSDs are constructed from smaller pieces stuck on another board.  Using the lego analogy I saw elsewhere in the thread a HDD is constructed of huge sheets, an SSD is constructed using a bunch of smaller 6x6 sheets.  \n\nIn the end however, there really isn't any difference it's just that the rounding is preserved on smaller drives to make them look larger, I remember adding a 64GB drive to my Win95 computer.  A 500GB HDD is probably 512GB just like the SSD and when 1TB SSDs become more commonplace that's exactly how they'll be marketed; as a 1TB drive.","&gt; Computers think in binary\n\nTrue, but the question was about storage capacity. Storage is normally measured on base 10, which allows manufacturers to legally mislead us. There have been lawsuits over this. For storage reasons, a meg=1000 bytes. Manufacturers don't care how computers think; they care how much money they can make. ","Storage is reported in base 10, it's still measured in binary.  That difference is where the fudge factor comes from.","Finally the right answer. I can't believe the number of incorrect answers to this query, like the major answer about some BS swimming pool. I'd prefer to expand on his answer. In computers, a memory location can only have two states, on or off. So by way of example a single memory place can only represent two numbers (one example is a 0 or 1), Add a different memory place and you can represent four numbers: 00 = zero 01 = one ten = two 11 = 3 The pattern continues. As you add additional memory areas the numbers it could represent goes up by the energy of two. For instance two,four,eight,16,32,64,128,256,512,1024,2048. Considering the fact that SSD drives are memory, you obtain them with capabilities in the power of two. Which, by the way, is more honest than the way mechanical drives are sold, but that may be another story (1 gig of bit .. give me a break!).","It's much more convenient to address hard drives or SSDs in powers of two. The answer is more that there is no reason not to for SSDs, whereas HDDs have a platter that is a standard size (and the tooling is all set up for that size). As things get more precise you just get however much storage fits on that size of platter so they go up by amounts other than doubling.","Hard drives and analog and analog can be any value and still be efficient like 20gb is just as efficient as 21gb. Solid state drives are digital which means it's much more efficient to use base 2 like 32, 64, 128 and 256","I don't wanna piss you off, but I actually did not still get it.\n\nBut I must say, you are really good at explaining stuff. I just can't read a lot of words...makes me dizzy.","I use an SSD for torrenting. Random reads and writes are terrible on hard drives. With 5 torrents running at 10 megabytes per second total, most hard drives choke because the head has to move with each small write for each segment. ","Use caching.","I do. Cache runs out. ","I don't like to throw this out there very often, but this question seemed to lean toward it; science. It's science and shit. You're welcome.","Windows software RAID (\"storage spaces\") has come a long way. I prefer it to hardware based solutions in most situations.","That setup is actually a windows software RAID, but because we're in ELI5 that was a bit too much information.\n\nI have been super impressed with it, because not only does it 'just work', it will also survive OS changes within the windows family. Pretty neat.","I work with large data sets (300-400gb at a time) of laser scanned data. For my work it's less about the peformance and more about expandability/transferability which Windows handles really well. I don't have to be super paranoid that my motherboard will crash and I'll have to try and recover a hardware array. If a drive fails I replace it, if the motherboard fails I just move the array to a new PC. No hassles ","...and?","He realized the username meta information was relevant and silently backed away.","Actually i totally didn't notice that until just now when you and another user pointed it out to me.","&gt; What this guy is saying is that with hard drives, they're improving the amount of bits they can store on a platter. With solid state drives, they double the amount of storage.\n\nThis one sentence explains it much simpler than all the paragraphs in the Candy analogy above.","I'm surprised this isn't higher.\n","I thought the differences were actually to do with overwrite protection and such things. \n\nA hard drive has an amount of spare capacity that it internally uses to recover bad blocks that are detected. This is where we get things like pre-emotive failures on disks and the \"spare\" capacity has been used up and so more bad blocks would be user space. Enterprise drives and storage systems reserve more space for all sorts of internal mechanisms.\n\nSSD's pretty much do the same thing, but partly for different purposes. Consumer drives are generally closer to binary capacities while enterprise drives are rounded down. This is to do with write coalescing as well as recovering from bad blocks. The way SSDs write means that writing in larger chunks (wrong terminology) is more efficient, so additional space is reserved to ensure capacity always remains to write efficiently.\n\nAs far as I'm aware, both drives still use binary tree, 1,2,4,8,etc. Marketing makes this more complex as 1GB = 1000MB and not 1024.\n\nSo the how is simple binary maths, the why is a mix of internal mechanisms (protection and efficiency) and marketing.","&gt;A hard drive has an amount of spare capacity that it internally uses to recover bad blocks that are detected. \n\nSSDs are no different. They are insanely over provisioned and firmware re-maps all the time.","[deleted]","Again, can you point to specific examples in OP's text that is obscuring?  \n\nI don't see how posting Amazon links does anything to contradict what she wrote.  \n\nAnd again, I still I \"came away with more elucidation\" with OPs response than with yours.","[deleted]","The original question was:  \n\n&gt;ELI5: How come solid state drives (SSDs) are mostly only available at storage spaces of 64, 128, 256gb and hard drives are available at more \"rounded\" spaces like 150, 500, 600gb, etc.?  \n\nOP, answers why SSDs are at 64, 128, etc., clearly in his text. His metaphor is self explanatory and I would be copying and pasting his answer verbatim.  \n\nYou're coming out with the claim that the highest upvoted ELI5 answer is not a good metaphor, repeatedly saying that it is \"obscure.\" If an analogy designed for a 5 year old is so obscure, why can't you tell us yourself? It's your claim. You have the burden of proof.   \n\nAs for other SSDs that don't have a clear pattern and aren't sold in powers of 2 -- that's not asked originally in the OP. It's not reasonable to expect people to answer future follow up questions without a time machine.  \n\nThe person who answered this sounds like they have working technical knowledge of this stuff. You on the other hand, sound like you're pulling shit out of your ass since you say some marketing answer below is \"probably the best answer, along with some *intersection of business fit*.\" Whatever the fuck that means, I don't know.","[deleted]","&gt; When a person asks a question, it's fair to reinterpret it if you think their presentation is incongruous with facts. That would be generosity and flexibility in interpretation.  \n\nSo basically, 1) you \"reinterpreted\" the question, and then 2) you expected OP to answer the same \"reinterpreted question\".  \n\nJust, wow. The mental gymnastics, man. Wow. \n\nTake your head out of your ass and stop being so stubborn. You might learn a thing or two. Also, try to learn to speak plainly. Cause the way you currently write is pretentious as fuck. Many people will find that annoying and it makes your arguments that much less palatable.","[deleted]","Holy shit.","No one is being \"lawyerly\" here. The man simply and plainly answered the question. I have plainly and simply answered your question. Something you yourself simply can not do, despite all the accusations you like to throw.  \n\nSaying someone made an \"obscure\" answer because you chose to \"reinterpret\" a different question in your own head is beyond stupid.  \n\nIf you wanted to simply ask a follow up question it would have been fine. But instead you expected someone to answer \"reinterpreted question\" in your head. Seriously, like wtf?\n  \n\n\nYou're one of the typical idiot redditors that are too stubborn for their own good. The world is full of people like you. What's new?","Aaaaaaaand... it's gone. I think he finally got it ;)","seriously though, just for future reference, if you don't want to be \"thick\" or pretentious, don't use words like elucidation","There's a couple follow-ups to this thought.\n\nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/4g6f6r/eli5_how_come_solid_state_drives_ssds_are_mostly/d2fdqx2\n\nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/4g6f6r/eli5_how_come_solid_state_drives_ssds_are_mostly/d2f9rwe","No - It's correct :) ","\"Correct\" and the best answer for ELI5 isn't the same thing.\n\nUsing an analogy with commonly understood items (legos) makes a superior ELI5 answer.","I'm sorry, no - it's not that hard to explain that hard drives fundamentally aren't digital - every bit is just a representation of how magnetized the disk is, and that can vary very much.","Not criticizing you, but it's kind of ironic that we're criticizing the words \"*analog* device\" while saying the other person \"used an *analogy*\" so it's better.","Not really. You don't need to understand what \"analogy\" means to understand an analogy. In fact, I bet most 5 year olds don't know what analogy means but can understand a good analogy.","No one here is actually 5 and everyone here knows what analogy means. ","different uses of the same word. \n\n_an_ analog is some_thing_ that is comparable. here Legos were used as an analog to storage.\n\nan analog _device_ is something that is simply something that is variable continuously, like your analog joystick vs. its digital counterpart - or the storage space allocation for a HDD vs SSD.","I see you know how to regurgitate a dictionary.\n\nBoth \"analogs\" are the same - we started using the word analog for devices because of the \"other\" definition. This happens a lot to describe new things in tech and science. \n\nI wonder if someday someone will be explaining the different definitions between *cloud computing* and actual *clouds.*","And here's why:\n\nI work in a repair shop and this is what I tell the more illiterate customers. A traditional HDD is like a record player, only the disk is a 2-3\" magnetized disk and the needle hovers *just* over it as it spins at 5-10,000rpm. The needle reads the magnetized \"pits\" in the disk and the computer translates that into your pictures/documents/movies/programs/etc. It's the only moving part of the computer (other than the fans), so of course it's going to be the slowest component *and* the part that typically dies or malfunctions first. \n\nSSD's are different, no moving parts at all. Whereas a traditional HDD has to spin the disk and move the needle to *find* what your computer is asking to read, an SSD always has it on hand. Everything is always *just there* for the computer to use. Thing is, they can still die. It's still the only component that is constantly being \"changed\" through saves and reads. In general, though, they can potentially last longer than an HDD. \n\n","Okay, no one gave you a good answer. 1 gig is 1024 MB. 1 tb is 1024 gigs. 256 is half of 512 and 512 is half of 1024. Those are the most rounded numbers when talking about device storage. ","This is the most ELI5 I've seen so far...  The chips are some number that is 2^x where it's base 2 with an exponent (ex 2^4=32).  Non-SSD hard drives are also like this, but they are sums of number 3*512mb = 1536mb ~= 1.5gb.  The thing here is that they combine multiple platters (or discs) in a conventional HDD, which together add up to some other non-2-exponential.  They round this other number for marketing (as was said before) since it doesn't have an obvious pattern.","My comment needed no reply. I answered the question that was asked and you make it more complicated. Have a nice day.","You comment in no way shape or form answered the question, now you look like a bigger dick that you initially did. You explained, sort of, why SSD's are measured the way they are, but nothing about why HDD's are different than SSD's. That was he entire point of the question. You're leaving a lot unsaid if your expecting someone to take into consideration how HDD's are made/constructed along with your weak explanation.","Moron","Your comment didn't answer the whole question.  Many of the answers elsewhere didn't either.  If you're going to be high and mighty about your response, you should be thorough enough to provide a complete answer.  Good day.","This is not a correct answer though. 1TB HDD actually is around 1000000000000 bytes, not 1024*1024*1024*1024 bytes, not 1024 GB... HDD manufacturers use actual SI prefixes for marketing reasons, because it makes the HDDs look bigger when compared to actual units used in computing ([3TB HDD, 2.72TB capacity](http://i.imgur.com/mH396MH.png)).","That doesn't really address the question at all. He was asking why SSD drives are all powers of 2 but HDD are not.","Your question is wrong from the get-go... SSDs aren't more common in those 'full' sizes. SSDs are far more common in 'rounded' sizes.\n\nIt's much easier to find a 240/250gb drive than a 256. It's like 8-1 on places like Amazon: \n\n\"240 ssd\" = 16 rounded SSDs on the first page.\n\"256 ssd\" = 3 256gb SSDs on the first page. \n\nThe answer is \"SSDs are not \"mostly\" available in 'full' sizes. Your entire question is based on a false premise.\"\n\n","It's most likely a 128gb + 64gb modules inside as they could not physically fit more inside the microsdhc modules until they reduce the overall size of the transistors inside.  They have a tendency to \"round numbers as 200gb sounds much more appealing than 192gb SD card.  The physical limitations are getting quite real for the tech hardware industries as they're approaching manufacturing size limits with current technologies.","I'm pretty sure that's not what's going on. Probably there's 256 gb of capability, but it has a higher error rate than acceptable, so they only allow 200 to be addressed so there's more error tolerance.","Well considering they now have [512gb SDXC](https://www.google.com/search?q=sdhc+512gb) cards. It's probably the physical size limitation as regular sized SD cards was never imposed with a 200gb limitation - especially for error tolerance reasons.","Computer's work in \"2\", 1 and 0 so all numbers will be in powers of 2. The candy was explaining why it was done the way it is. SSD numbers are for computers to understand easier and HDD sizes are for people to understand. Binary basically gets squared every time you add another space so it will always be divisible by 2.","It really has more to do with our choice to designate a byte as eight bits.  Computers would absolutely work just fine with 10-bit bytes, which would probably have caused memory and storage systems to evolve in powers of ten instead of powers of two.  Some of the really old tech-heads lurking here probably have tales of machines with irregular word sizes, but you can trust that they ultimately work just fine.","They worked, but they were wasteful.  If you have enough switches to address 10 bits, you have enough switches to address 16 bits.  When your entire computer had maybe 256 bytes and each byte was made by hand from transistors the size of grapes, it didn't matter much if a byte was 10 or 12 or 6 bits.  \n\nWhen you have billions made by lithography, it matters more if you can use them more efficiently.","This is the best response to my argument thus far, by far.  Thank you for that.  \n\nI would, however, like to point out that it's generally cheaper to build a narrower data bus than it is to build a wider one.  I've heard that one of the things that made six-bit machines popular is the seven-track tape recorder.  It's also trivially possible to do some interesting things with bank switching, windowing, or offsets to make a 10-bit address space quite reasonable to use with just three switches, indeed.  ","Base 64 is what computers use, right? So wouldn't *they* be measured in base 64.","Most current-gen computers utilize a 64-bit architecture, meaning most operations are performed on 64-bit pieces of data, natively. But the math is still pretty much all performed in base-2 (binary), two's-complement, or IEEE 754 floating-point.","You can buy many big-name brand SSD's at 'rounded' numbers like 120, 200, 240, 480, 500 and the like.","its true. I dont get why you refuse to look at the fact that a hard drive uses magnetic recording which is analog. ","Ha! Try getting into a talk with someone about Ethernet, 100BASE-TX, MAC addresses, etc...  Basically anything at layer 1 and 2 always sparks interesting dialog. Or IRQs and DMA channels. More so, I think when you break anything down to its base in computers today the newer players in the field are just surprised at the detail. I think the layering and how it all works together is one of the most beautiful aspects of computers. A kind of orchestrated mass of complex interactions born of some of the greatest minds. Just inspiring every time I think of it.","exactly","So a transistor is analog because the triggering voltage is not discrete?","Is a transistor radio, or transistor audio amplifier, a digital or analog device?\n","Magnetic has nothing to do with it. We can interpret a magnetic field as analog OR digital. It just depends on what we're expecting the value to be.\n\nSame goes for flash memory. A flash memory cell stores its bit as a voltage. Voltage is an analog quantity which can be read as analog or digital.\n\nThe medium of storage has nothing to do with whether it's digital or analog. The only thing that matters is whether we're expecting to read/write analog or digital values to that medium.","Far too wordy and analogies are bad. ","agreed, a 7 paragraph analogy and all I see are confused people replying. Truly awful","This makes no sense to me. At all. ","While this may be the top voted answer, it's simply wrong. People are confusing the binary system in how computers *work,* with how hard drive manufacturers measure *storage.* \n\nThere's been multiple lawsuits over the *storage* issue: https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=the%20lawsuit%20against%20hard%20drive%20manufacturers%20on%20capacity%20size\n\nI'm normally not this dogged, especially on reddit, of all places, but a seemingly elegant answer, can be wrong, and this one is simply wrong. Hard drive manufacturers use a base 10 measuring system, period. Just look at your own hard drive for the answer (I'm sure there's some outliers). \n\n","&gt; A traditional hard drive is an analog device. It contains as many platters as they can fit into a case, made up of magnetic material. The precision of the mechanical arm that moves to certain positions on the platters and measures or changes the magnetivity of the small are of the platter near the head, and the precision of the magnetic components in the head itself, determine how many bits of data can be fit into a HDD. As such, the tendency is to go with nice base-10 numbers that we're all familiar with. There's also the \"customer feels like they're getting more than they really are\" factor, since 1TB in base-10 is a fair bit less than 1TB in base-2.\n&gt; \n&gt; \n&gt; \n&gt; SSD's are fundamentally digital devices that operate is base-2 math at their very core. Making a 1000GB SSD would actually be detrimental to the design, as mapping the address space to run from 0x0000000000 to 0xE8D4A40FFF would require far more complex circuitry than mapping to 0xFFFFFFFFFF.\n\ni don't think a 5 year old can understand this but good going on making it sounds simple, \n\nin theory it's just the multiple dimensions of how it holds the structure base frame is the multiples of 8*4[optional(2/2)]*1+x\n\nand it's formula design changes via the base frame hold of what's chosen so for 150gb's it's more of a multiple of 5*2[optional(2/2)]*1+x","\"One way gets marketed according one metric (milestones as measured by round-for-people numbers). Later, another way got marketed according to another metric (twice as much as last time)\".","But we wanted the calculus!","Thanks for reminding me, I have something to do.","Not for the byte.  ","A HDD is sort of analog https://youtu.be/4iaxOUYalJU?t=260\n\nThe sectors are reading a voltage spike, which goes from 0-peak. An SSD stores a charge; that charge is only there or not there. Much closer to digital than a HDD.\n\nIn a ELI form a HDD is closer to a dimmer switch and a SSD is a light switch. The HDD may read a 75% on for a switch, but only reports it as completely on or completely off.\n\n","Do you have any self-esteem?","All of it.","It actually makes perfect sense to me. Digital devices have a natural affinity to be binary-based, whereas analog devices don't, so they can be decimal-based for the sake of familiarity.","Except traditional hard drives are not analog devices. In any way I can think of. \n","That's a problem with the accuracy of the answer, not its understandability. I'm commenting on the latter.","How so? The arm/platter is pretty analogue instead of a purely electronic solution.","The word you're looking for is mechanical, not analogue. ","That's mechanical vs solid state. They're still both digital. They only store discreet bits (1 or 0) not something continuous. ","Yeah I don't think 5 year olds even know some of those words. ","[deleted]","&gt;**Analog** - \"Continuously Variable\" ... aka not just 0's and 1's but lots of other things too. Possibly wave forms such as sounds. A vinyl record is a good example of this. Generally, in this context, analog simply means not binary.\n\nTIL - quantum computing is oddly analog.\n","\\#pedantic\\#\n\nDigital does not equate to binary. Digital means that a system operates via a distinct set of discrete values -- e.g. digits -- (like a switch) as opposed to a continuous space of values (like a throttle)\n\nOutside of that definition, anything goes. For instance, in the late 40s a some of the earliest computers including ENIAC -- obviously digital devices -- used base-10 instead of binary. As well, there were some Russian systems that operated in trinary.\n\nAs well, there's plenty of stuff that's digital that doesn't have anything to do with computers. Or necessarily electronics, when it comes right down to it. A combination lock, for instance, can be considered a digital system.","This sub doesn't actually cater to five year olds.","No, but it caters to people with an equivalent understanding on a subject. Have you spoken to a 5 year old recently?","Saying it caters to people with an \"equivalent understanding\" to a five year old is also wrong, because in effect that isn't any different than just writing comments targeted towards five year olds, which is kind of a stupid expectation.\n\nResponses should be understandable by laymen of the subject. In posts like this there's a myriad of responses, so if one is too complicated for you just scroll down and find another. Someone who does have a slightly greater understanding might appreciate the additional information in that comment, even if it isn't dumbed down enough for your standards.\n\nI just don't understand why it's worth complaining about.","It does make perfect sense, but it requires terminology and prior knowledge unsuited for a 5-year-old.","Congrats","[Hmm yes, shallow AND pedantic](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yetwdpsiM8Q)","Everything about what you said is wrong.\n\nDigital, remove the last two letters. Because of the nature of electricity, in this case digital means it operates in binary. 0 &amp; 1. There's no natural affinity, just is.\n\nAlso, hard drives store in binary, they too are digital.","I wouldn't prefer to pursue this pointlessly tangent discussion, but I do want to defend myself with regards to what I have **actually said**.\n\n1. I make (and have made) zero claims about how these devices work. My comments were strictly intended to remark on the understandability of the top comment. People claim it's not ELI5-friendly; I disagreed.\n\n2. Electricity is **not** the reason why computational devices operate in binary. We can easily have an [entire system that work with three-bit data](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ternary_computer). Guess what it'll use to run. Hint: Not gasoline.  \n\n  By affinity I do not mean that it is easier for computing devices to be binary; they already are, as you aptly pointed out. I meant that it is easier to manufacture end-user products that have binary features (2-to-the-power storage space). I can easily make a disk that has exactly 1,000,000 bits if there is a business reason to, but without such justifications, the \"affinity\" causes the design decision to incline towards binary.","/r/iamverysmart incarnate, right here.","Hey, if you're gonna call out someone for being wrong, have the courtesy of trying to understand what they're talking about. ","Actually not the case. It may have come before our foot-yard-mile system, but the first system was base-60 by the Babylonians.","I meant first between metric and binary prefixes.","You clearly know what you're talking about, but you have to remember that in the context of this sub that I'm 5 years old, I have no idea what point you we're making in the second paragraph. ","I believe it is also marketing. 4/8/16/32/64/128 have traditionally been equated with RAM. By keeping the same sequencing it is easier to make people relate to that fact that SSDs are way faster than traditional HDDs. (Yes there are people who don't know this) ","ELI5 version, hope i'm not that late...\n\nHDD is totally just like oldrecords/CD/DVD/Blueray where there is a read-head checking/scanning/reading/writing the tracks which is based on bumps (high bump low bump differentiate 1 or 0), instead of having 1 disk, it have multiple disk in it and can store data on both side, hence the size is dependable on the technology used for HDD.\n\nSSD is using gates technology it is just like your NAND ram/rom where electrically store 1 or 0. since it is a gate system, it is define in term of 1/2/4/8/16/32/64/128/256/512/1024 etc. because the manufacturer duplicate it in double, eg. 2 part of 16GB package give you a 32GB ssd. \n\nwhile of course you can have weird number like 16+8 which give you a 24GB but normally industry don't do this kind of thing as this is not ram but storage, everyone want to max capacity for that point of time.\n\njust to add on, a 2GB is a package of 1+1 GB, which a 4GB is a package of 2+2GB. they just stack it in double, make it compact and stack again, hence you are getting now 1TB, 2TB, the next would be 4, 8, 16, 32 etc..\n\nTLDR: HDD = CD/DVD/Blueray kind of tech, SSD = RAM/ROM/thumbdrive tech.","The difference is in construction.  \n\nHard \"disk\" drives, are made of platters.  Those platters have spaces to store data on them.  And being people, we tend to design things with easy to handle numbers on them.  So, we have big round numbers on hard drives.  \n\nSSD's are made of \"memory\" and their size is more dictated by powers of 2 rather than \"how much can we squeeze on here\"  So you end up with sizes that match powers of 2.  8, 16, 32, 64, 128, 256, 512... etc..  ","A five year old wouldn't understand that comment at all.  Their brains are incapable of processing the concepts involved.","they are... the bits are stored as a magnetic field in the drive... the hdds controller converts that analog signal into a digital one...","Well a ~500GB SSD would als not be an order of magnitude more expensive then a 512GB one.\n\nBut it's still less wrong so an improvement :D","So many answers and most of them wrong. The correct answer is this has to do with the addressing, that in circuits is binary (you add a line and you are adding a bit so x2) where in hard drives is completely different (cylinders x sectors).","We just need the entire planet to change their thinking from decimal to octal or hex...  \n\nIf you think about it, octal would be just as intuitive to you now as decimal is if you'd only ever learned octal (if not easier).  A conversion would absolutely suck for anyone over 5, but after a generation, We'd be better off.\n\nThe payoff is conversion...   Octal is 3-bit binary, so any octal number can easily be written in binary on the fly.  64374 is 110100011111100, and it takes zero effort to do that, meaning we could easily think and speak in binary if we used octal instead of decimal to drive our thought process.\n\nIt's hard to get your brain around, but seriously, the decimal system is holding us back...","We have no need to \"think and speak in binary\". If we're changing our number system, base 12 is the most likely candidate.","Until we mutate to have eight fingers and eight toes, I doubt base-8 will ever be as intuitive as base-10.","That's at the very heart of my statement actually...  \n\nIf I hold up 9 fingers, and randomly choose a binary number, I can give you the octal value of what's on my fingers at a glance, because every three fingers is a \"place\" in an octal number... 734 is (111)(011)(100).\n\nTo get decimal on those same nine fingers, I have to math my ass off... 256+128+64+0+16+8+4+0+0... Which is something I can do in my head going left to right and incrementing to get 476, but that doesn't happen at a glance at all...  I have to determine which value the finger is, add it to my running total, and then move to the next...  This is how computers have to math, because of us crazy humans with our damn 10 fingers...\n\nMy nine bit \"finger number\" can be converted with minimal effort to base 2, base 4, base 8, base 16, et al, but is in no simple way related to decimal...\n\nIn terms of learning, for a child, it would be *easier* to learn, because there would be *less numbers*.  For you and I, it seems impossible to think of 10 as not including your thumbs, but it's actually just that simple.  10 includes thumbs because we accepted it as kids and hard wired our brain to it.   We could have all learned a much better system just as easily (relatively... Learning decimal is not easy) as we did decimal.\n\nSo yes... Decimal system... 10 \"digits\" = 10 digits.  That's very nice, you can use fingers to count to ten.  In octal, my 10 digits go up to 1111111111, which is 1777 in octal, 3FF in hexadecimal, and I can get those values, or any up to those, in seconds...  \n\nLastly though, don't try to switch...  It's an exercise in futility.  It's simpler, it's crazy intuitive, it would make WAY more sense, as its much easier to process in octal/hex (ask any computer...) but humans are in decimal, and converting to decimal is hard...  You'll just wind up saddened at the irrational stubborn \"shoot yourself in the foot\" humanity of it...","I feel really dumb if a five year old can understand that. ","Hm, not quite sure. While youre right about what you said, I think the marketing teams of the manufacturers have a more insidious reason to count at base 10, even for SSDs.  \nBits are bits are bits. Whether mapped on a magnetic platter or in a flash chip, they are the same. My take on this is that I think SSD capacities are still too small for the marketing teams of the manufacturers to \"get away\" with using 1,000 instead of 1,024 for counting how many bytes in a KB etc. The capacity is small enough to notice the difference so people would probably complain about the difference (about 9gb less on a 128gb drive. Although on larger disks the difference is even bigger it doesn't impact as much as you aren't watching your capacity and counting bytes).\n\nSource: back in the day I used to have a 4.8GB and 6.4GB HDD, these were *actual* capacities like an SSD too. I think once SSD's get to around 1TB the marketing teams may begin to count the bytes using 1,000's again. It's just *good* *marketing*.","idk i hate this trend of using stupid metaphors like we are talking to literal five year olds, that used to be against the rules, I wish it would go back to just being simple explanations of things.\n\nEdit: it still is mods apparently dont give a fuck though\n\n4. Explain for laymen (but not actual 5-year-olds)\nComments only\nUnless OP states otherwise, assume no knowledge beyond a typical secondary education program. Avoid unexplained technical terms. Don't condescend; \"like I'm five\" is a figure of speech meaning \"keep it clear and simple.\"\n\n","That's what the sub used to be, and it was great. When the sub became a default, the mods decided to make it \"layman answers only,\" killing what the sub was, but growing it even more.","This is what he does. You're confusing \"contains the word candy\" with \"is comprehensable to 5 year olds\". This:\n\n&gt; assume no knowledge beyond a typical secondary education program. Avoid unexplained technical terms.\n\nis what he's doing. How many 5 year olds understand this:\n\n&gt; The real key difference between these two setups is that with hard drives you have a blank slate on which you try to write as much as will fit, while with flash memory you're constructing the memory cells individually using a repeating pattern. ","There is a crowd here who want to feel smart by discussing  things in as complex a way as they can grasp,  but no more complex because \n that wood would make them feel dumb.","Damn wood makes me feel dumb all the time.","The candy metaphor was unnecessary and confusing there is no reason it should have been there except to make it sound stupid like youre talking to a literal 5 year old.","At this point, I'm convinced the people who don't like the candy metaphor are the ones who don't even understand it.","And, it's a great \"like I'm five\" explanation, because Legos.\n","&gt; and they turned out to be 76.5gb anyway\n\nThey are only 76,5Gb if your file system does so.\n\nUnformatted, the description is perfectly valid, you as the user dump it down by formatting it with a file system that works in base 2 instead of the advertised base 10 = your own \"fault\".","Is there a file system that uses base 10?","Doubt it.","Didn't think so. ","I would like to know the answer myself ","It's because sizes in computing are multiples of 8. HDD's are still in multiples of 8 but they are bigger so you don't notice it as much as it grows big enough to round off. Early HDD's came in sizes like 240 gig (or MB if you're old enough) at first. You'll also notice that now that there are bigger sizes of SSD's they are 1TB size so it's unlikely that you'll continue to see odd sizes of SSD's going forward. \n\nTL;DR all drives are in sectors that are multiples of 8, you notice it with SSD's (and thumb drives) because up to now they have been smaller. ","This is actually good news to me. Does this mean marketing can't pull the nonsense of Gigabit vs Gigabyte (or whatever the base 10 vs base 2 notation differences are)?","Gibibyte (GiB base 2) vs Gigabyte (GB base 10)","They already use base ten GB for flash storage.  Just look at any 32 GB SD card which will have just a bit over 32,000,000,000 bytes, nowhere near the 34.3 billion bytes you might expect.\n\nI can only guess that the reason for the 8/16/32 sizing is because they're counting on the difference (the 2.3 GB in the 32 GB example) to make up for bad memory cells and the extra space needed by wear leveling algorithms.  Probably the same thing happens in SSDs, but I don't have one so I can't look at its size.","The overhead for repair is going to be something closer to 2-3% at most either a spare column every 32 or 64 rows), your example chip would be designed and manufactured to have exactly 32,000,000,000 bytes because wasting die space is wasting money","So a byte is 8 bits. (Bytes are big \"B\"s, bits are little \"b\"s)\n\nWhen your CPU is calculating it is performing logic against sets of Bytes (Your 64 bit computer does it with 8 bytes, 32 bit with 4 bytes).\n\nWhen your machine is transmitting data it used to be that this was done serially - one bit at a time so sending one byte was really sending one bit eight times.  Baud is the measure of bit throughput.\n\nMarketing wise sending 2400bps or 2400 Baud sounds a whole lot sexier than 300Bps.  \n\nHope that helps.\n\nSource: Old guy with a Computer Science degree.","No, because he's totally off base - HDDs also used to come in powers of 2","They certainly could if they wanted to. But so far, most companies aren't.","I think they call it Gibibyte.","[deleted]","He did it right then. If you read the sidebar, that is the real goal.","I think it's good in combination with the top response (the candy one). The candy answer didn't really explain the reasoning why the candy is sold with 8 candy to a package. So when you look at this response, you can equate that there is some fundamentally easier reason to make memory sizes of 256/512 etc. and while it doesn't fully translate to the candy analogy, this answer provides good supplemental information.","This explanation gets right to the point; it does a better job than the bloated candy analogy IMO.","I don't mean to offend anyone, but in case of technology even an ELI55 would do.","ELI5 is not for literal five year olds. /u/JakenVeina's comment is much better than the one involving candy, which I have downvoted for its irrelevant discussion of candy and its failure to explain.","I think you mean hex code","But the metaphor doesn't explain it. HDDs follow the same logic that SSDs do in terms of increasing the memory density. They don't just put more bits on as they fit, they still try to get everything in powers of 2. Its just that for humans' sake, they are advertised at rounded numbers. A 500GB harddrive isn't actually 500GB, its a lot closer to 512, and then the paging file takes up some of that space so you are left with about 500GB left for you to use. ","&gt; HDDs follow the same logic that SSDs do in terms of increasing the memory density. They don't just put more bits on as they fit, they still try to get everything in powers of 2. \n\nNope, that is wrong. And it doesn't matter how offended you are by the word \"candy\" for whatever fucking reason, the analogy explains a fundamental difference between SSDs and HDDs. However, it does not explain literaly everything there is to know about the subject.\n\n&gt; A 500GB harddrive isn't actually 500GB, its a lot closer to 512, and then the paging file takes up some of that space so you are left with about 500GB left for you to use. \n\nThat doesn't make sense. The page file is something the operating system does, and hardware manufactureres don't make bigger disks just to fool you into still having the advertize size left after the pagefile. 500GB hard disks will be close to a nice round number in bytes in decimal (500'000'000'000), but are more around ~465GiB anyway. (note, [GB](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gigabyte) =/= [GiB](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gibibyte))\n\nFor SSDs, there are additional complications, like a lot of defect sectors (which is very common when manufacturing flash storage) or space that is reserved for internal operations (that might be on an additional chip instead) that make the end product not an actual power of 2 in GiB, but below that.","biggest pet peeve: someone not answering what the question is asking, and instead explaining as much as they know about the thing. just tell me you don't know! :[","Magazines did publish articles about how shit it was.  Purchasing departments everywhere kept on buying whatever the biggest number was.\n\nWestern Digital and Seagate both settled false advertising lawsuits and everyone now has to put notices that 1 gigabyte means 1,000,000,000 bytes and that the space reported by the operating system may differ from advertised capacity.","Also, binary allows you to justify flipping off your friends as counting binary 4 on your fingers!","/u/HavokBot, something that most commenters are failing to mention is over-provisioning for SSDs, which often given an effective capacity of, say, 250GB, which is the explanation for drives of those capacities. ","HDDs are absolutely NOT analog.","This is the argument that tech nerds don't have a reply to. It's also the one that makes the most sense. ","1000 doesn't make efficient use of a binary system.\n\nIf we \"standardized\" a kilobyte to be 1000 bytes, we would cause all data to take up more room...  \n\nIt would be like the government getting rid of coinage...  Everything that used to be 95 cents would instantly cost you a dollar...\n\nSo yes, kilobytes could be made to be 1000 bytes to make it easier to think about, but it would make all your data take up more hard drive...\n\nWhich do you prefer?","A different naming system. Because the metric meanings of the words has been established for hundreds of years. No reason not to just give it a different, made for the technology, name. There has been so much language invented specifically for computers, why not this situation? \n\nEdit: I'm well aware of the technical reasons for why 1000 doesn't fit. I'm not saying to change that. Language is much easier to change than math obviously. ","I would not be averse to having new prefixes for binary base intervals...  \n\nWe have megabyte and gigabyte already that are not confusing... Maybe just expound on that a bit?  Megabyte, hellabyte, tonnabyte, biggabyte, lottabyte...\n\nSounds kinda silly, but it's not a terrible idea :)","Well mega and giga and so on are all used in the metric as well. It would all have to go. From kilo and up. ","I am on the same side of you, but that coinage simile is wayyyy off. Nothing takes up more space if we choose KB to be 1024B or 1000B. Everything has a set size in bits, and then the conversion and the unit \"cancel out\". If we have a file with 1024B, it's 1KB(technical) or 1.024KB(commercial). 1x1024 or 1.024x1000. Same thing.  \n  \n  \nEdit: additionally, things could still be less than a dollar because two 50¢ items still sum to $1.","Tech 'nerds' and technology historians have different areas of expertise. I wouldn't expect them to know an answer to this question.\n  \nIn terms of the question, I definitely don't think you can call it 'stupidity' but there is some confusion and lack of cohesion. You can check out [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timeline_of_binary_prefixes) for some more information but heres some things to consider.  \n  \n* 1024 is 2^10. Before HDD and tape, memory was added to most commonly by just doubling it. In programming, this just adds 1 to the address space. In construction, there is no added design or error handling really. Just slap em together (more or less)  \n* When memory first got this high, the only people using computers were scientists. This was in the 50s and naming 'conflicts' (lets call them) began really in the 60s. Scientific papers would either describe their configuration (so it was understood what setup they were using) or it would be implicitly understood.  \n* Computer science types are historically terrible at naming things. See KB vs KiB and everything since...  \n* In the 50s and 60s, there were both decimal and binary computers. (Honestly, this is probably the best explanation). For a binary computer, 1000 bits might be great for a kbit but for a binary address space, this would be problematic as you have combinations in the 2^10 range that don't map to any physical memory. At some point (mid 1960s), many people using binary computers would shorten larger bit counts with the prefix k. Remembering how memory was constructed, if you plugged 64 blocks together, each block is 1024 bits, its much easier to call this 64k and since everyone working with computers knew how you came to this number, that would be fine.  \n* When computers were being developed at this time, there was disagreement about what should be measured how. If your job is to measure bit transfer rate, calling 1kb 1000 bits makes your life easier. Your medium is a wire and splitting seconds by 1000 is much easier than 1024. If you are creating memory, doubling memory size is much easier. Also, are we measuring bits? or decimal digits or characters? As a scientist, you'd want to measure the thing that actually matters and since computer designs varied greatly, it wasn't clear that bits or bitrate was necessarily the computing metric to be measured.  \n* It was the HDD release in the mid 1970s that used 1MB as 10^6. HDDs are more similar to wire transfers (see posts above about HDD design). *Begin real confusion*  \n  \nFor what it's worth, the SI unit for kilo-byte is 10^3 bytes.","I hadn't heard this bandwidth argument before, and it is possibly the strongest I've heard.","I refuse to believe that. If they made an SSD at capacity 256GB they would NOT label it as anything less. Why would they when their competitors aren't?","IIRC Samsung bins their chips. So the chips that are a real 128, 256, 512, ect go into the pro drives. Chips that have a slight defect go into the Evo line. So as long as a chip is more than 120, 250, 500, ect it can still be used. This lets Samsumg basically use chips that would otherwise be thrown out. ","Also one reason can be over-provisioning in advance for wear.","No, Pro and EVO drives use different kinds of memory, Pro's have 2 bit MLC and EVO's use TLC (3bit MLC) which is cheaper and since it's 3 bits per cell it can't be arranged in exact powers of two.","Don't all companies do this? i.e. if I buy a 256GB drive, I'll only have, say, 247.5472GB of usable space. ","Most companies, including HDDs sell with gigabytes being 1000 megabytes instead of what is used by most OS as 1024 megabytes for 1 gigabyte.","Little different. That's manufacturers use powers of 1000 when measuring drives while Windows uses powers of 1024. OEM says there are 1000 megabytes in a gigabyte, Windows says there are 1024 megabytes in a gigabyte. \n\nThe correct term for 1024 is actually gibibyte, but that's extremely rarely used. ","It's Base 10 vs Base 2, not \"powers of\" anything.","Concept is still the same. Just trying to help the guy understand it in simpler terms. ","Each decimal or binary place is just another power of 10 or 2.","I'm aware. But explaining it as \"powers of 1000/1024, to me, sounds more confusing.","We're in a ELI5 thread","Again, I understand, but \"Powers of 1000/1024\" is fundamentally wrong. The Lego example is the best ELI5 here, imo.","Sure, but I was explaining why hard drives show less space when formatted on Windows because of a tangential question. The Lego example was irrelevant to what I was clarifying. ","&gt; The correct term for 1024 is actually gibibyte, but that's extremely rarely used.\n\nBecause it makes you sound like a drooling moron.  \nKinda sad, honestly, there's a lot of people who don't know about this difference and it takes a minute to explain to Gramma how a gigabyte on the packaging doesn't mean a gigabyte to the computer, and having different terms would help people understand that I think... but there's no way in hell I'm saying kibi, mibi, gibi","Tech illiterate people, independent from age, usually don't even grasp what a \"Gigabyte\" means, let alone notice there's a difference, since they don't know where to look.","Using technically correct terms may make you a social outcast, but not of the drooling moron type.","1.21 Jigawatts!","lol'd","There's a large amount of extra flash cells so the drive can compensate when the existing cells randomly fail. These cells make up the difference between 250 and 256GB\n\nhttp://www.kingston.com/us/ssd/overprovisioning","Ssds wear out faster than hdds. To help combat this, the drive tries to virtually shuffle around storage cells under high wear with ones that get less use, spreading around the use so the whole drive lasts longer. This works better with more free space. By calling it a 120gb drive, there's now 8gb free even if \"full\". \n\nThe excess capacity also means that a block can fail to erase (that's the most common failure mode)  and the drive can shuffle it out for a working block out of the extra 8gb.\n\nAs others have noted, you can also still sell the drive with a small number of defects if the defects can be shuffled into the excess 8gb. However, to maintain their reputation for quality, they would be unlikely to do this in cases where it could significantly impact the lifetime of the product. Aftet all, the whole reason for buying their 120gb drive was the greater lifetime than the competitor's 128gb drive. ","If I buy a 8 GB drive and I go to the drive and it says 7.3 GB free space then FUCK YOU.","Doesn't the 16 and 32 gigabytes refer to the number of switches fom your analogy? I don't think any manufacturer advertises the amount of possible states of their memory, do they?","No, the switches in my analogy is just to help illustrate why adding 16 bits to 32 bits wouldn't give you 48 bits of memory. The switches just shows why memory uses integers of 2 when calculating the total amount of space on the drive. Manufacturers do only advertise the total states of their memory.  \n","If manufacturers advertise the amount of states, does that mean the difference between a 32 GB drive and a 64 GB drive is 1 bit? Because that's what you're implying ","No because 1 bit is the smallest unit of measurement of digital memory while 1GB is massively larger unit of measurement. Think of 1 bit = 1 millimeter while 1GB = 1 kilometer, so 1Gb =1073741824 bits.\n\nSo manufactures do advertise the amount of states in their drives, they just convert bits to GB because the number in bits would be a massive number. Just like you would tell a friend you live 2 kilometers away not 2000000 millimeters.","That actually doesn't matter, if I take a 32 GB drive, regardless of how many bits that is, and add 1 bit,  I still get double the number of states, but that's not what's advertised. Let's start with a very small drive: 16 bit, which according to you is 4 switches. Adding 1 switch makes it 32 bit (you described it as 5 switches). Let's go on then. Adding 1 more switch (bit) gets you a 64 bit drive, and so on to 128 bit (7 switches), 256, 512, 1024: 10 switches for 1 kb. 11 switches would then give you 2048 bits, or 2 kb. With 20 switches or 1024 kb we've already reached a sizeable text document, stored using only 20 switches. Are you really saying you could store a text document using only 20 switches? ","No we cant store a text document using 20 light switches that would be silly.","Thank you ","So if you have 5 'switches' would it be marketed as 5 bits or 32 bits? ","It would be 5 bits.","Thanks","It would be 32 bits.The \"switches\" analogy is to help explain why you cant just add 32 to 16 bits, you need to increase in exponents.","But I thought 32 bits meant 32 switches, not just 32 total states?\n","That's exactly what it means. \n\nYou *could* have an array of 1 32 bit int (a 32gb SSD in the analogy) and a second 16 bit int for a combined total of 48, but the analogy is stretched so far that it doesn't make sense anymore.\n\nEdit: As for 32 bit being switches or states, it's obviously switches because 2^32 is over 4.2 billion possible states.\n\n2^5 = 32","32 is all the possible combinations(states) of 1's and 0's that the drive can have. So 32 bits means that i have 32 total spaces to store information. The \"switches\" in my analogy is just to help illustrate why you don't just add 16 +32 to get 48, you need to work in integers of two. ","They can, and they do. The original premise here is simply wrong. You can guy 250GB SSDs, and neither SSDs or HDDs are actually marketed as powers-of-two because manufacturer's define a GB to be 1 billion bytes, not an exact power-of-two. If you buy a 4GB flash-drive, you get around 4 billion bytes, not an exact power-of-two.","I think it's cute that people feel base-10 magnitudes are more \"rounded\" than powers of 2.\n\n10 is the most random fucking number ever and it sucks as a base for our counting system, yet people still insist they need it for no particular reason.  I just want to pinch your cheek","Someone needs to post this to /r/iamverysmart","People believing dumb things doesn't make me smart","While they were being a little stuck up about it, they do have a point. Base two is way more useful for doing logical operations. And sure base ten is arbitrary, but so is base 12 or base 60. All three of those counting systems saw use because they can be counted on the human body easily. But out of the three base ten is still less useful for doing day to day operations (like how it can't divide evenly into thirds). ","That's why the first word I use is \"ignorance\" - the **general word** for not knowing something - intentionally or unintentionally ;-).","Great explanation. \n\nSo if it's a base 2 core, why the hex addressing?  Is that binary encoded hex? ","There is no \"hex addressing\", it's just that binary numbers are unwieldy (that would be 40 digits in this case instead of 10), so, while they are good for electronic circuits, they are not good for humans, so humans prefer higher bases. Base 16 (hex) has the advantage that it's a power of 2, so each digit of a hexadecimal number corresponds to an integral number of digits of a binary number - or, specifically, that each hex digit corresponds to 4 bits (aka a nibble, or half a byte). That makes it easy to translate between the two, easy enough to see which bits are 1 and which are 0 by just looking at individual digits. For example, any hex number that consists solely of Fs corresponds to a binary representation that consists solely of ones.","Hex is just convenient. A single digit of hex translates to exactly 4 digits of binary. Unlike decimal, where the number of binary digits you end up with varies. I.E. 9 in decimal is 1001 in binary, 10 is 1010, and 33 is 10001.","Binary converts very cleanly over to hex which is easier to read","Some SSD controllers require an extra reserve of memory to work, thus there's less space available to the user. In fact an 128GB SSD really has 128GiB so the reason there are 128GB (120Gib) left to the user is actually a bit arbitrary, it just happens that the necessary reserve percentage is often close to the error of making 1GB=1GiB, but some may need more.\n\nAlso some SSD use TLC memory (triple level cell) which means the most basic unit has 3 bits, thus a block of 2^x cells has 3*2^x bits which isn't a power of two anymore. In the end they combine them so it gets close to typical capacities. That last is the case of the Samsung EVO.\n\n*Edited for clarification.","What is this? Candy for *ants?!*","But there ARE SSDs that have an even base-10 size like 250 or 500. ","There's a couple follow-ups to this thought.\n\nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/4g6f6r/eli5_how_come_solid_state_drives_ssds_are_mostly/d2fdqx2\n\nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/4g6f6r/eli5_how_come_solid_state_drives_ssds_are_mostly/d2f9rwe","(the opposite of) Hanlon's Razor.  I enjoy seeing it creep up every now and then.","not sure what your asking...\n","[It's a reference.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WHrn_pHW2so)","Finally the correct answer.   I can't believe the number of incorrect answers to this question, including the top answer about some BS swimming pool.\n\nI would like to expand on his answer.  In computers, a memory location can only have two states, on or off.  So for example a single memory location can only represent two numbers (for example a 0 or 1),  Add another memory location and you can represent four numbers:\n\n00 = zero\n\n01 = one\n\n10 = two\n\n11 = three\n\nThe pattern continues.  As you add more memory locations the numbers it can represent goes up by the power of two.  For example 2,4,8,16,32,64,128,256,512,1024,2048.\n\nSince SSD drives are memory, you buy them with capabilities in the power of 2.  Which, by the way, is more honest than the way mechanical drives are sold, but that is another story (1 gig of bit .. give me a break!).","Yeah, powers of 2. Awesome. But that doesn't explain why they show up on SSDs, but not on HDDs. That was the question the candy metaphor answered.","Ok.  By the way, thanks for explaining why I am being down voted.  Usually I just get down voted and have no idea why.  Here, have an upvote :-)\n\nThe reason it shows up in SSD is because the most efficient way to produce memory chips is via a power of two (because of my explanation above).   Mechanical disk drives do not have that limitation.  \n\nThere is also a little bit of dishonesty with the HD manufacturers.  When you buy a HD, it is listed as 1 gig of bits.  In other words 1,000,000,000 bits.  But in computer memory terms 1 gig equals 1,073,741,824 of bits.  A 1 gig hard drive should be able to store 1 gig of memory.  Because of marketing it does not.   That is also why when you install the drive on your computer it shows less than what was advertised on the box.  ","You don't have to explain this to me. And no, it's not just marketing. You people are hilarious. Complain about candy and \"ELI5 is not for literal 5 year olds!!\", but you don't know enough about HDDs and SSDs to understand that it's a nice little analogy of what is actually going on, so you think binary numbers and marketing are all there is to it. Maybe because you don't like that something about candy describes something you don't know about? I don't know. Anyway, what I know is that you don't know what you're talking about, so could you please stop spreading this FUD? Thanks.","Go screw yourself.  I was trying to help you out because I thought you actually wanted to know.","Good thing I already know because you and a bunch of others are just spreading bullshit.","But I'm 5. I prefer the candy swimming pool. It didn't help me understand but I want candy. ","RIP that in half and you get...","Another day older and deeper in debt","The chips still store powers of two, but then some space is reserved for wear-leveling to increase the drive's lifespan.","Half a dank is nk.","&gt;base-10\n\n&gt;base-2\n\n&gt;as mapping the address space to run from 0x0000000000 to 0xE8D4A40FFF would require far more complex circuitry than mapping to 0xFFFFFFFFFF.\n\nThanks. I learned nothing because these words make no sense to me.","Show me one 5 year old who would understand \"base-2\", \"base-10\" and \"address space mapping\". Try again.","I prefer saying 2 nibbles make a byte.","Marketers are using the correct units for what they are selling. If anything they made use of the ambiguous units. Introducing the binary prefixes only clarifies the confusion. The ones causing confusion are those that use the wrong prefixes, like Microsoft. ","It is just a marketing trick of HDD manufacturers to cloak the really odd sizes of their drives after they're formated. Pure SSD manufacturers on the other hand were used to market their drives with more specific numbers from their other products, compact flash drives and SD cards . This \"marketing gap\" will be closed once the SSDs with sizes equal or greater than 1 terabyte will be mainstream. \n\nHDD and SSD manufacturer cannot know the final size of the formatted drive because that depends on the used file system and the chosen sector size while formatting the drive. They round the size to the next round number after the drive is formated with windows standard settings. You can check your real size of your drive when you right click on your HDD drive letter and choose \"properties\". ","Probably part marketing (rounded numbers seem nicer), and part cost savings. As I mentioned in another post, Samsung's 120/250/500GB SSDs really DO have lower capacity than 128/256/512GB SSDs from competitors, roughly the 7/6/11GB lower, respectively.  \nIt could be because they use significantly different firmwares/controllers, which contribute to their performance;  \n\nOr it could be because they have allocated more chips to back-up, such that they'll take over when another chip has failed, (but don't quote me on this because I've no evidence or references for those Samsung SDDs);  \n\nOr they could simply have looser production tolerances, so that defective chips can still be shipped.  \n\nBottom line is, don't assume 480/500/512GB drives are actually equivalent in capacity; same is true for such scenarios in other capacities.","Like I'm five...  Would you really explain it like that to a five year old. ","\"LI5 means friendly, simplified and layman-accessible explanations.\n\nNot responses aimed at literal five year olds (which can be patronizing).\"\n\nSidebar.","But kilo is a metric prefix and it's quite clearly defined as 1000. If it was ever defined differently for the bytes then that's just wrong and I'm *very* glad the kibibytes fixed it.","Yet you'll never get the amount written on the box. My \"256\" is in fact 230. I wonder how they don't get sued for that.","&gt;  I wonder how they don't get sued for that.\n\nThey did: http://www.dailytech.com/Western+Digital+Settles+Drive+Capacity+ClassAction+Lawsuit/article3072.htm","Gotta subnet on the nibble! (God, I love ipv6)","I'm always amazing that I can count up to 1023 with my fingers...","One day when I was really bored I did.","And that would be relevant if we were talking about the maximum number that could be represented by X bits, but we're not.  We're talking about the maximum number of bits we can fit in X amount of storage space.  \n\nThe better answer is that we chose, almost arbitrarily, that a byte is eight bits and therefore storage and memory solutions evolved to suit.  If we had chosen for bytes to be five bits, we'd probably have storage systems evolve to have capacities in multiples of five, instead.","But one has a lot to do with the other as you use numbers to address pieces of data, so it's usually the most efficient to have as many pieces of data as you can address with a given number size, as having fewer would waste storage in the number that's used for addressing. And that applies at every level. Memory chips have power of two storage locations because they have an integral number of address lines to address those. CPUs have power of two number of registers because they have an integral number of bits in the instruction to indicate which register to operate on. Word sizes are power of two bits because in bit shift and test operations, the bit to operate on/the number of bits to shift by is encoded in an integral number of bits in the instruction, ...","That's an interesting perspective, but it's more accurate to say, like the other guy, that 8-bits are a byte because we made it up and said it was.  It isn't from necessity, as evidenced by the existence of machines that function just fine with bytes of other lengths.","Well, sure, it's also not a necessity to have binary computers, as evidenced by people commonly computing in base 10. It's just a matter of efficiency that makes it a good way to go rather than just an arbitrary choice. You can build machines with 5 bit words, just as you can build ternary computers - it's just that that is on average more expensive than 8 bit or 4 bit (or 16 bit or 32 bit or 64 bit ...) words if you consider the full costs for solving a given problem with each respective machine (a 5 bit machine on average will need more code and thus more memory to store the code and more cycles to execute the code, thus needing higher clock rates to achieve the same result, ...).\n\nThat it's 8 bits in a byte rather than some other power of two is largely a historical artefact of what you need to represent the latin alphabet plus indo-arabic numerals and a few other useful signs/characters and the fact that at the time memory was expensive. Had  electronic digital binary computers been invented with our current memory densities, we probably would have 32 bit bytes to accomodate full unicode.","&gt; a 5 bit machine on average will need more code and thus more memory to store the code and more cycles to execute the code, thus needing higher clock rates to achieve the same result\n\nI was born in the morning, but it wasn't yesterday morning.  Tell me another one.","It was *almost* arbitrary, as you said.  Much more natural for it to have been 4 or 8 than 5, because of computers using binary.\n\nedit: actually as someone else mentioned, 8 bit processors are kind of what clinched it, before then, smaller byte sizes were used.  So the 8 bit/byte thing evolved as well.","Petty is the bread and butter of reddit. :) I'll be more careful from now on. ","8 bits in a byte because we said it is. Just like words, we made it all up.","[deleted]","[That's a nice story but it's not where it comes from](http://i.imgur.com/9fcjB2v.png)","This isn't true, and bytes weren't originally 8 bits. A byte originally meant however many bits you needed to encode a character, and for about a decade this meant either 6 or 7. 8-bit bytes became more popular when the System/360 EBCDIC format took of (it replaced IBM's old BCDIC format, where bytes were *6* bits) and became the expected default when 8-bit processors became ubiquitous. \n\nProgramming languages that predate 8-bit bytes being the default, like C, can throw some people off because of this. \n\n\"Byte\" was coined as a term to sound similar to bit, and spelt differently so it wouldn't be mistaken for \"bit\" when reading. There's no record of it having any other special meaning or intent.","This just blew my mind. ","Byht","8=====D lol","&gt;mapping the address space to run from 0x0000000000 to 0xE8D4A40FFF would require far more complex circuitry than mapping to 0xFFFFFFFFFF.\n\n\nI thought this was ELI5 not ELI5th year computer programmer?\n","A \"1.44 MB\" floppy disk holds 1.44 * 1000 * 1024 = 1,474,560 bytes of storage, just to be extra confusing.","If we're being pedantic, you're correct on the unit symbol according to the IEEE, but it's still correct to the write \"byte\" with a lowercase B :)\n\nThere's no real reason for a byte to be 8 bits, but it does fit in nicely with character encoding, as each letter is one byte.","The real answer is: it's arbitrary. While all the explanations of binary, etc, are true, sizing conventions are arbitrary, and manufacturers are allowed to round up or down. \n\nThis holds for SSD and HDD, and has nothing to do with \"mechanical v. digital\" drives. The average person doesn't know there's 8 bits to a byte, and so on, and, to add to the confusion, there's decimal and binary measurements (kind of like imperial v. metric). \n\nI can't find the link, but some international body that gets the world to agree on a uniform way to express measurements on hard drives, simply agreed that a meg (1024 bytes) can be expressed as 1000 bytes. It's just easier. Check the capacity of your drive now, whether it's SSD or HDD. It wont be whatever is stated on the box. \n\nMy laptop is supposed to have a 500 gig HD, but in reality, it's roughly 443 gigs. To be perfectly accurate, after checking the properties of my HDD, it measures 476,701,274,112 bytes. Someone else can do the math, but that's a few gigs less than 500 gigs. \n\nI'm neither an EE or a computer scientist (sometimes, you guys over think stuff). I used to be a computer hobbyist, and discovered the \"massive\" 500 gig HDDs fell short. After some research, I found the different conventions in measuring what a meg and gig is, and after an outcry from consumers, it was discovered that manufacturers round up, or down, and it was found to be legal, after a lawsuit. \n\nI think the international body that determined this stuff is in France, but, for the life of me, I can't find it. But my answer still stands: it's arbitrary, and dependent on the manufacturer how they want to advertise the capacity, but it's pretty uniform to measure a meg as 1000 bytes, which is the decimal way of measuring. \n\nEdit: last sentence; hopefully to clarify. ","no dude you are wrong,  I am a Cs student and I'm about to get tested this stuff. The binary isn't over thinking, everyone is explaining pieces of the architecture but it isn't arbitrary really fucking far from it. it is the way it is because it's the most efficient way or because specific engineering containers and challenges,  not because some chub decided it. ","Well, if you get tested on *storage* which is the subject at hand, keep this in mind: \n\n&gt; The class-action lawsuit against Western Digital Corporation involves the way the company reports hard drive capacity. For example, an 80GB model reported by the hard drive manufacturer will only hold 74.4GB of data, according to The Sydney Morning Herald. This is a known fact throughout the storage community and is no news to those of us who have ever bought or used a hard drive.\n\nThe reason for the difference in capacity is the way operating system vendors and hard drive manufacturers report the values for storage capacities. OS vendors usually use the binary system for calculating file sizes and drive capacities while hard drive manufacturers like to use the decimal system which makes a drives capacity seem higher on paper than it really is.\n- See more at: http://www.dailytech.com/Western+Digital+Settles+Drive+Capacity+ClassAction+Lawsuit/article3072.htm#sthash.HRJ7IpU4.dpuf\n\nI fully understand what you're studying is binary. But storage capacity isn't measured that way. Check your hard drive now, is it measured in base 2, or base 10? Chill out, kid. I have underwear older than you. ","I don't think your age or your links have anything to do with what's being discussed at hand. \n\nQuestion is,  why do hard drives have certain patterns in their storage capacity,  and why does it differ to ssds.  you said it was arbitrary,  an it certainly isn't.  regardless,  neither the way manufactures  report capacity has to do with it.  \n\nThe answer to the question has to do with the architecture,  technologies, and engineering decisions.  it's not just simple binary,  it's not just the base of the numbers.  There are legitimate reasons. for example the radius of a hard drive disk.  the radius of the inner circle,  the average number of bytes per sector,  number of sectors per track.  All these variables require meticulous waging of pros and cons.  For ssds it's not so much about geometry but it's about nand technology implementation and cpu memory block access as well as caching practices.  with that in mind, ssds scale by adding tiny modules of multiples of 8 because a cpu fetches 10 bits instructions in x86,  8 of which may come from the cache or lower memory source which could be the  ssd.  This is the nature of the need for alignment in c code. ","&gt; I don't think your age \n\nOn that, you're right. It was in response to your \"*but it isn't arbitrary really fucking far from it.*\" If someone is going to speak to me like a child, I will treat them like one. \n\n&gt; it is the way it is because it's the most efficient way or because specific engineering containers and challenges, *not because some chub decided it.*\n\nThe chubs that decided it, are the lawsuits (and fines paid). \n\n&gt; Question is, why do hard drives have certain patterns in their storage capacity, and why does it differ to ssds. you said it was arbitrary, an it certainly isn't. regardless, neither the way manufactures report capacity has to do with it.\n\nNo, that's not the question *from the OP,* that's *your* question. \n\nIf you want to nit-pick, ok, it's not arbitrary in the sense that manufacturers can put *anything* on the box, and claim its capacity is whatever they choose to make up. However, it's indisputable that hard drive manufacturers measures *storage capacity* on a base 10 system. So, getting back to the OP's question, it's \"arbitrary\" in the sense that manufacturers are now allowed to report capacity on the base 10 system (kilo= 1000, a thousand kilobyte=a megabyte) which is seemingly dishonest, because someone like you studying CS is used to the binary system, and you're used to thinking in terms of 1024 equalling a meg. \n\nWe're talking reality here; not what I believe, not what you believe. The reality is, HDD/SSD manufacturers use a base 10 system in measuring *storage capacity.* \n\nOne of the oldest articles I can find, which goes back at least 10 years (but I read even before that about this): http://www.zdnet.com/article/attention-hard-drive-manufacturers-most-people-believe-that-a-kilobyte-is-1024-bytes/  The last line in the article said, \"and the lawsuits will follow,\" and they did. The standard for HD manufacturers is to use the decimal, base 10 system to report/measure capacity, while it fully allows CS folks like you to work in the binary. Manufacturers are allowed to get over on us, as many businesses do. \n\nWhat you, and others who have described as far as architecture, how OSes/programs work in the binary is not in dispute, but it's irrelevant to the question posed by the OP. The question is about how storage is measured, not about programming, etc. Like I've said, look at your own hard drive. Or ask your CS prof. \n\nThe capacities on SSD or HDD is arbitrary, and decided by the manufacturer. If you can find a citation that specifically addresses this question, and it's contrary to what I've said, I'll stand corrected. No big deal. ","&gt;SSD's are fundamentally digital devices that operate is base-2 math at their very core. Making a 1000GB SSD would actually be detrimental to the design, as mapping the address space to run from 0x0000000000 to 0xE8D4A40FFF would require far more complex circuitry than mapping to 0xFFFFFFFFFF.\n\nHaving the flash controller return a fault and 0xFFFFFFFF for any accesses to addresses outside a legal range is not significantly more difficult or expensive from a design or manufacturing point of view - almost any controller is already going to have the ability to disable the flash at the block/page level\n\nI don't work on ssd design, but the reason probably has more to do with the sizes of the individual flash chips used for memory (and their size ties back to a balancing act between die size and yields)\n","Absolutely agreed. The more I learn about modern electronics, the more I realise that there's always more complicated crap going on under the hood.\n\nMy discussion above is definitely not the full story for modern devices, but it does described how simpler devices worked in the past. At this point, yes, SSD's are mostly made in base-2 sizes because the chips are almost exclusively made in base-2 sizes, and that can be attributed to design efficiency, as I described.","&gt;There's also the \"customer feels like they're getting more than they really are\" factor, since 1TB in base-10 is a fair bit less than 1TB in base-2.\n\nI don't understand the base-2 vs. base-10 explanation.  When you get a 1TB hard drive, aren't you getting the capacity to store 1 trillion 8 bit units, with each bit representing a discrete on/off state (base-2)?  Could base-10 even be applied to this discussion?","This is essentially confusion about historically (and in part still) confused use of units.\n\nBecause addressing in computers is binary, memory sizes always were powers of two. For example, you would have 2^10 bytes of memory. Now, that is 1024 bytes. Which is close to 1000 bytes. Which is why people started calling it \"a kilobyte\", even though it clearly is 1.024 kilobytes. Then memories grew, and along came 2^20 bytes of memory. And people called that \"a megabyte\", even though it clearly is 1.048576 megabytes. And so on ... all the while hard disk manufacturers tended to just stick with the SI definitions, so a 10 gigabyte hard disk would, surprisingly, have 10 gigabytes of storage space, rather than 10.73741824 gigabytes, as some people came to expect.\n\nMeanwhile, the IEEE defined binary unit prefixes to clear up this confusion, so you can write TiB if you mean 1024^4 bytes, and TB if you mean 1000^4 bytes. But for some reason people still prefer to be confused and to complain that hard fdisk manufacturers sell you exactly the size it says on the packaging.","Most technical-oriented or electronically-savvy people, when you say 1TB, will think 2^40 or 1024 * 1024 * 1024 * 1024. Base-2 numbering. For HDD's, 1TB usually means 10^12 or 1000 * 1000 * 1000 * 1000. Base-10 numbering. (a bit confusing, sorry). Because most people don't know the difference, manufacturers can advertise a HDD as 1TB to make it sound bigger than it really is, as long as they describe their definition of a TB in the fine print.","No need for fine print, the T is well established as the abbreviation for \"tera\", wich is well established as an SI prefix for 1000^4. When you sell 1000 grams of potatos, you don't need any fine print either if you label it as \"1 kg\".","In base-2, 1 TB is not 1 trillion bytes, it is 2^30 bytes. \n\nIn base-10 the KB -&gt; MB -&gt; GB -&gt; TB progression is what you'd expect: 10^3 -&gt; 10^6 -&gt; 10^9 -&gt; 10^12. But in base-2 that same progression would go 2^10 -&gt; 2^20 -&gt; 2^30 -&gt; 2^40.\n\nWhy is this the case? Because those numbers work out to be close to the base-10 equivalents. It's also handy that the exponent are in multiples of ten.\n\nTo see why the base-2 equivalent is bigger, consider the first term, KB. In base-10 this is 1000 bytes. In base-2 this is 1024 bytes.\n\nClearly it's confusing to use KB, MB, GB, etc to mean two things, so you'll sometimes see e.g. KiB to mean the base-2 version, the Kibibyte.\n\nHard drive marketers will often use the base-10 number when advertising the drive because it implies the larger base-2 amount, but when you see the size of the drive reported by the OS it's smaller than expected because the OS reports the size in base-2. ","Because binary.  Got it.","Interestingly, one of my friends of a friend is an attorney. Someone did try to sue a computer company for this, but they are based in New Mexico, and he found some old-ass law no one had ever used in a case stating \"You can't sue someone for using the metric system\". The Computer companies won the case.","From what I read the flash memory copy pasta is multiplying by 2, start with 1x2=2x2=4x2=8x2=16x2=32x2=64x2=128x2=256\n\nEdit: formatting is hard","1x2 does not equal 256, my friend. ","Yes it does! :(","It does in our hearts!","You're that special one aren't you. ","Not *that* special one, I'm the *other* special one. ","Yes. Because binary.","This is ELI5 request, not ELI20.","ELI have 5 years of experience","Then why is a  SDD more expensive than a HDD? ","It's similar to why the Concord is a more expensive plane than a 737. The Concord (at the time) used newer, better, faster technologies to build an extremely fast plane. SSDs are faster and use newer technologies. There isn't as much research in HDDs, and the technology (both for the hard drives and the manufacturing) are more mature, so they're cheaper to build. ","I should be clearer and say that, right now, HDDs are much cheaper to make than SSDs. I said \"Cheaper and easier to make in length 2\" in comparison to trying to build SSD's with round number quantities. HDDs are cheaper because of how well established the tech is as well as the economies of scale. I may be wrong here but you also need a Fab with a class 1 clean room to make SSD's whereas I think you can get away with Class 10 for HDDs. \n\nedit: sentence structure","More expensive to manufacture ","If it is IOPS you need a SSD is actually cheaper than a HDD. \n\n","It is cheaper to build an SSD in those increments, not cheaper than a HDD to make.  You read it wrong.","Because they use blue lego pieces instead of green lego pieces.","Exactly. They've been so expensive for the past decade... If it's cheaper to make, why the price bump?","[deleted]","&gt; all storage is binary and therefore based on powers of 2\n\nThis is not correct. The vast majority of drive makers use a base 10 measurement, and 1024 was rounded down to 1000. \n\nCheck your own hard drive. I seriously doubt the *storage* capacity is based on the power of 2. \n\nI'm not trying to be a dick, btw. ","well shit","&gt;years after the kilobyte was defined as 1024 bytes\n\nNo. This **never** happened. It's a popular \"big companies are conspiring to cheat us\" circlejerk, but it's not true. The kilobyte was originally as 1000b. Because that's how regular human numbers work.\n\nMagnetic storage (first tapes, and now HDDs) and data transmission (modems, network hardware) have always used use base-10 definitions. \n\nFor directly addressable memory sizes, it was rounded *up* to 1024b because it was easier and cheaper to give everyone a \"free\" 2.4% increase than to spend money and time cooking some sort of convoluted system to allow for addressing memory up to 1000 but not 1001+.\n\n[EDIT: Most of the earliest advertisements and technical documentts didn't use prefixes like \"kilo-\" at all. They simply cited the numbers: 1000 bytes, 1000 words, 10,000 characters, etc. Almost always in multiples of 1000, though probably implemented in base-2 internally.]","[deleted]","That's not right at all.  See here: https://www.google.com/search?q=500GB+to+GiB&amp;oq=500GB+to+GiB&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j69i64.8221j0j4&amp;client=ms-android-verizon&amp;sourceid=chrome-mobile&amp;ie=UTF-8\n\nOthers here have posted great explanations of why this is, but TLDR is the advertised 500GB is a base-10 representation of the number of bytes, while 465GiB is a base 2 representation of the same number of bytes (which computers obviously need to represent it as).","No, formatting doesn't do anything.  It's just that the OS uses a different unit than hard drives.  More technically a different definition of the unit.\n\nYou don't actually lose any space, though.  It'd be like saying .62137 miles is less than 1 KM.","Fair question.\n\nBear with me as it requires a bit of explanation. \n \nAll computers use binary numbers. In their simplest form, they are just a string of tiny switches that are either on (1) or off (0). Each of these are called a \"bit\". \n  \nIf you have one bit you can only count from zero to one.\nIf you have two bits, you can count to three, because the first bit represents 0 or 1 while the second represents 0 or 2. \nThe third bit would be 0 or 4. Each extra bit doubles.  You add them up to get the value. \n\n00 =0\n\n01 =1\n\n10 =2\n\n11 =3\n\n\nThat is a two bit binary number. \nwith 4 bits, you can only count from 0 to 15.   \nIt isn't until you get to 8 bits (you can count 0 to 255) that you can make a computer that is capable of interpreting and displaying things in a recognizable alphabet and numbers that any westerner would recognize. \n\nIn an 8 bit computer, each group of 8 bits represents one \"byte\" of information. \nThis could be a single letter, in either upper or lower case, a single digit, punctuation mark or symbol. \n\n\nAs computers grew more powerful, they doubled from 8 bit to 16, to 32, to 64bit. \nFor a lot of reasons I won't go into, doubling makes a lot more sense to designers than just adding extra bits, here and there. That's the reason you've never seen a 17bit computer.  \n\n\nI'm sure someone will be along shortly to criticize my explanation, but this is roughly why memory and storage devices tend to come in multiples of 8.  \n\nActually some video cards and a few computers have used 10 bits. There was at least one early video game system that could arguably be considered 10bit. Anyone care to guess which one?\n \nEDIT: fixed binary numbers.  ","Most binary counting systems count up from right to left. \n\n00 = 0\n\n01 = 1\n\n10 = 2\n\n11 = 3\n\nThis makes converting back to decimal easier because each digit represents a power of two rising from right to left.\n\nFor example 1100 would equal 12:\n\n1 -&gt; (2^3 * 1) = 8\n\n1 -&gt; (2^2 * 1) = 4\n\n0 -&gt; (2^1 * 0) = 0\n\n0 -&gt; (2^0 * 0) = 0\n\n8 + 4 + 0 + 0 = 12","That makes a lot of sense.  I was taught to go from left to right, from  a prof who had been in the field since computers  used vacuum tubes.    \nGranted, even that class was a long time ago. \n\nIt makes me wonder when the practice changed or whether he just preferred the other way.\n\n","actually this was a thing, [Little Endian vs Big Endian](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Endianness) (yes its a play on little indian big indian, lol).\n\nDepending on the processor (IBM, Motorola, Intel, etc), they process the byte either right to left or left to right.   Your prof may have just been used to a specific one from back in the day.\n\nedit: actually TIL, its not a play on Indians its actually an obscure reference to Gulliver's Travels...","little endian is stupid, and you're unnecessarily confusing readers.","Supporting link: http://www.howtogeek.com/123268/windows-hard-drive-wrong-capacity/","ELI5:\n\nhow does SSDs hold the data? they dont write anything on a physical disc.. so how do they save stuff if you turn the power off? do they have a own battery or something like that? ","Values in digital systems are stored in binary--that is ones and zeros. An SSD is like ice cube tray. A slot with an ice cube in it would be full, lets call that 1. An empty slot would be empty, lets call that zero. Look familiar? By arranging the ice cubes in the tray you can store information. In an SSD the trays are microscopic transistors and the ice is an electrical charge. Transistors with a charge are 1, without a charge they are zero. The pattern of ones and zeros can store information.\n\nHow do you store information when the power is off? you keep your ice cube tray in the freezer so they don't melt.  in an SSD the transistors are electrically insulated. The insulation contains the charge but there can be leakage. This is why SSDs aren't used in archival settings yet. ","Why isn't base 2 math used to address bits in a hard drive? ","As far as I know, it is on the programming side, IE the firmware that runs the device.\n\n&gt;When your computer stores data on its hard drive, it doesn't just throw magnetized nails into a box, all jumbled up together. The data is stored in a very orderly pattern on each platter. Bits of data are arranged in concentric, circular paths called tracks. Each track is broken up into smaller areas called sectors. Part of the hard drive stores a map of sectors that have already been used up and others that are still free. (In Windows, this map is called the File Allocation Table or FAT.) When the computer wants to store new information, it takes a look at the map to find some free sectors. Then it instructs the read-write head to move across the platter to exactly the right location and store the data there. To read information, the same process runs in reverse. \n\n[source](http://www.explainthatstuff.com/harddrive.html)"," Marketing.  No other reason.  HDD are base 2 at their lowest level just the same as SSD.  SSD also have a FAT.  ","Not sure what you mean, it totally is","There's definitely base-2 math going on in the HDD controller. But the physical HDD platters that store the data aren't digital/binary devices, on a fundamental level, unlike SSD memory chips.","Holy shit. Just realized that all those weird error codes are hexadecimal.","Why they're displayed in Hex..... who knows?","Actually, you have it wrong.. Lol","In what way?","https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/4g6f6r/eli5_how_come_solid_state_drives_ssds_are_mostly/d2fb9vu","1 TB is and should be 10^12 bytes. 1 TiB (tebibyte) is 2^40 bytes. Unfortunately, Windows still gets it wrong. But Apple (OS X and iOS), Google Calculator and Wolfram Alpha all sensibly use the decimal meaning. Modern linux distros went the other way and tend to use the binary prefixes in their UI.","no, its the hdd vendors trying to rip off costumers","Windows never got it wrong. It reported 1KB as 1024 bytes since the DOS days. The \"bi\" prefix was invented much later because the hdd manufacturers insisted on lying and doing it the wrong way. ","Because within the 8-piece pack of candy each individual piece of candy can be one of two colors, and people like the candy to come in as many different combinations of order and colors as possible. With 8 different pieces of candy, each of which can be either of two colors, you get 256 combinations, and that's just the right amount.","[deleted]","That's sort of true, but that's like complaining that someone isn't explaining why 2 + 2 = 4."," No, in this case you have it wrong. \n\nThe difference between tB and TB is irrelevant to a manufacturer's choice to advertise a 1024GB SSD as '1000GB' or '1TB' in order to round. ","Who is right? Who is left? ^^^rtz YOU DECIDE doot doot","Who won? Who's next?! ","r/dota2 leaking again","Uhh that's epic rap battles of history, not Dota. ","rtz is Arteezy, professional player, and frequent sufferer of RTZ was left, KuroKy was right meme","With a touch of mr. Skeletal for the dootiness doot doot","&gt; The advertised capacity will always be higher, 1000GB ~= 931GB. \n\nYou are confusing the fact that HDD manufacturers use base-10 gigabytes (technically correct but not how most computer professionals used gigabyte) with them also rounding that number out.\n\nA 1000 **giga**byte (base 10) is ~= 931 **gibi**byte (base 2) but the actual HDD is larger than 1000 gigabytes in the first place.\n\nThese days the advertised digits tend to be exact (my \"3000 GB\" storage drive is 3,000,457,228,904 bytes, they are hiding half a gig!) but in the past it was pretty common for them to advertise a nice round number that skipped significant digits","&gt; in the past it was pretty common for them to advertise a nice round number that skipped significant digits\n\nwell my 4 TB external storage on my desk has really only 3,63 TB and that is what I am used too. I didn't see a change to be more precise in the last time.","Because they still advertise base-10 gigabytes. Kilo/Mega/Giga/Tera are base-10 prefixes, we didn't have anything better at the time so they came to be used as base-2 prefixes. So the HDD manufacturers are not technically wrong they are just deceptive.\n\nBut eventually standards organizations decided on a bunch of unique base-2 prefixes (kibi/mebi/gibi/tebi) and people are slowly migrating across to using them.\n\nMany Linux distros these days show drive capacity using base-2 prefixes.","&gt; we didn't have anything better at the time\n\nI understand what you are saying but are you sure about that?  \n","Well the base-2 prefixes weren't thought up until the late '90s. Before that there were various proposals such as Knuth's \"large kilobyte\", but that wasn't a very good one (definitely not in the spirit of SI units).","I'm 25 and still don't understand this - magnitude, architecture, what 5 year old would understand any of this ","I would refer you to the sidebar of the ELI5 subreddit.\n\n&gt; \"LI5 means friendly, simplified and layman-accessible explanations.\n&gt; Not responses aimed at literal five year olds (which can be patronizing).\"\n\nI would also point out that I'm pretty sure any 5 year old capable of asking the question posed here would probably understand the words magnitude and architecture.","On a similar note, I was always curious how they decided on 1920x1080 for HD resolution format. Why not 2000x1000?","to keep it within accepted standard aspect ratios\n\n1920 x 1080 is 16:9 and 1920 x 1440 is 4:3","&gt; Making a 1000GB SSD would actually be detrimental to the design, as mapping the address space to run from 0x0000000000 to 0xE8D4A40FFF would require far more complex circuitry than mapping to 0xFFFFFFFFFF.\n\nExplained like I'm five. ","I think it was because they needed 7 bits to have upper and lowercase letters and a couple symbols, and then went up to 8 because its nice to be a power of 2 in binary.\n\nedit:\n\nThe English alphabet has 26 letters and ten numbers, for upper and lower case you need 62 characters + a few more for symbols (:?!'\"&gt;+-*&lt; etc.)\n\n5 bits is 32 characters\n\n6 bits is 64\n\n7 bits is 128\n\n8 bits is 256","Thanks, it was always weird that  me that they started at 8, but that seems like a good reason. ","8 bits is a really useful amount. With 8 bits you can do 0 to 255 or 127 to -128. Most numbers that humans deal with are in that range (or could be represented in that range, eg. 0-100%), and many programs can be made to work within those limits (racing games topping out at 255 mph).","I'm no expert in this exact field, but I do IT, and this sounds very wrong. A byte was created with no relation to letters. \n\nThat said, I could also be very wrong. Anyone with a source is welcome to correct me. ","From a hardware point of view, it is easier to design memory addressing and retrieval when the memory size is itself a power of two.  Early computers had four bits, then 8 bit computing was quickly found to be the minimum useful.  Then on to 16, 32, and 64 bit sizes.\n\nAnd yes, being able to fit the character set into 128 slots was a major consideration at one point.","The CPU has a small storage area which processes instructions. The storage area is split into \"words\" which are a number of bits. I think in the early days it was quite expensive to have large words so they made a register set that would accommodate enough combinations of bits (2 to the power of the number of bits) to get the alphabet and special characters. ASCII is based on 8 bits. Sure, there are still going to be numbers that surpass an 8 bit word which the computer will have to deal with by combining words, but that is a slower way of doing it, so it was probably important for older computers to have the 8 bits to deal with the alphabet without slowing the machine down too much. ","A byte is just the smallest unit of data, and isn't always 8 bits. When people where trying to send each other messages in the olden days it was more reliable if each byte = 1 character. If you need a shift byte to change 'a' to '1' there is a chance it will be lost in transmission and could garble the rest of the message. ASCII (7-bit) was developed to replace the old 5-bit codes that used shift like ITA2. 8-bits became the standard because it was large enough encompass our language with characters to spare. ","&gt; A byte is just the smallest unit of data\n\nThat's not really true, either, though.  You can store data in a single bit.  Likewise, there are machines that can't necessarily address a byte individually.\n","yes you're right, a bit is the smallest. I don't even know why I said that. A byte just usually reps 1 char.","SSDs are made like the game [Rush Hour](https://boardgamegeek.com/camo/c43012ea0d7bc301f20a299301134c08268b3b94/687474703a2f2f746f796761736d2e66696c65732e776f726470726573732e636f6d2f323031302f31312f727573682d686f75722e6a7067). Imagine that the SSD is a big rush hour board and that the cars are memory chips.\n\nEngineers usually find that the best way to increase storage is to either halve the size of the cars (chips), or invent a new way to arrange them that lets them pack double the chips.\n","Finding an address in a SSD is like taking a bunch of 2 way turns. \nfirst chose left or right, then again -- left or right -- and again left or right. You make a SSD bigger by adding another layer of decision -- thus doubling the size of the address space. Therefor all SSD are a power of 2 (roughly) in size depending on how many bits of address it uses. A HDD is just a list. go down until you reach the ith location. That list can have a arbitrary length.  \n\nThis is part of why SSDs are so much faster ... to find the 2^28 th address you have to at mot \"travel\" 28 times, through each of the decisions. A HDD may need to \"travel\" 2^28 from the top of the list to the bottom. (okay you can skip rings and sectors so its not exactly that bad in a HDD but that is the general idea)\n","Exactly correct as I understand the technology. The power of 2 sizes is more to do with how the information is addressed than how much is stored. I abstracted a little in my answer. ","A 500mb hard drive actually is 512mb, it just allows for extra space to store files as the original space used to hold them degrades. Flash drives don't have this problem, as they are used less frequently, while hard drives are used contantly as computers store data.","ELI5....where people use as much jargon as possible while walking the line of a \"simple\" explanation in order to show off.","Idk about the binning process for memory, but I doubt anyone intends faulty memory to hit the market. I suspect there is a yield test threshold for each individual chip ie \"how fast can this chip go before errors occur? OK, build drives from similarly rated modules.\"\n\nIt's also important to note that memory is organized in a way that lets it communicate almost directly with other memory and microprocessors. The technology makes use of (and requires) this uniform structure. One bad set of addresses would require an overhaul of how the data is handled to avoid losing it, and/or a lobotomy of large parts of the drive, neither of which is easy or worthwhile.\n\n\nThere are many reasons for over provisioning, but mainly it's to give your drive the room it needs to organize your files efficiently. One example is for large file operations: they will obviously go faster if spread evenly across every lane that can deliver data. During a write, if data is \"in the way,\" your drive should probably move it. Limited space might require a large number of poorly distributed reads and writes to \"shuffle\" this data out of the way. Both doing and not doing this result in decreased performance and drive life, all for want of space.\n\nIf you're looking for purchasing advice, PM me.","In short: marketing.","SSDs don't have to be base-2 in their data capacity, it's just become an arbitrarily chosen convention to make memory modules that way.","Its so that every possible address is valid; otherwise every access has to check 'is this address valid?' which would waste time\n\nAlthough Im not sure I see how this limitation doesnt also apply to regular harddrives","Because I said so, that's why.","Great answer... But if the parts are cheaper, why are they sold so expensively? Why haven't they become the standard? ","They're cheaper comparatively to each other. Creating SSDs is still a more expensive process than old spinning disks because they're really well established technology. Cost per Mb of SSDs is catching up fast. ","That answer gave me the warm and fuzzies","There's no technical reason. It could possibly have been a marketing decision initially, and people stuck with it. Anyone who says otherwise doesn't know what they are talking about.","Yeah, we over-shot it for 5... Definitely must go with 3.","There are many nuances to every question... There's the math, the engineering, the business side...","It boils down to the fact that hard drives are round, physical devices and SSDs are rectangular, electronic devices. The size of a round thing will be a somewhat random number since pi is involved, while the size of a rectangular object will be a more even number; and physical objects tend to grow in density in a linear way, while electronic objects tend to grow in density in powers of 2.","this really doesn't seem right but I don't know enough about electronic storage to be sure","I think it's essentially correct, although since it has been downvoted others apparently don't agree with me.","Your comment has been removed for the following reason(s):\n\nI'm sorry but [top level comments](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/wiki/top_level_comment) are reserved for explanations to the OP or follow up on topic questions.\n\nJoke-only comments, while allowed elsewhere in the thread, may not exist at the top level.\n\n\n\n---\n\n*Please refer to our [detailed rules](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/about/rules)*.","I was curious as well, found this information. \n\n\"Drives using odd sizes are sorted into whatever size category that's closest. For example, drives using 150GB platters are sorted into the 160GB/platter section, and drives using 200GB platters are sorted into the 250GB/platter section.\nThe total capacity of the drive is shown beside each drive model.\nA platter-head ratio is shown next to the total capacity tag in brackets. For example, a drive with a (1/2) ratio has one disk and two read/write heads.\nAny special features (increased rotational speed, interface types, unusual platter designs and stuff like that) are noted where necessary.\"\n\nhttp://rml527.blogspot.com/2010/10/hdd-platter-database-seagate-18.html\n\nI previously worked in Advanced research on HDD's. Our main goal was to develop technologies to increase aerial density (HDD space) either by re-inventing the medium (platter) or by inventing new ways to shrink the read/write sizes on a platter.  There are plenty of companies trying different technologies like WAMR (Wire Assisted Magnetic Recording) HAMR (heat Assisted Magnetic Recording) Probe technologies. I worked on mainly WAMR and HAMR technologies creating Parabolic Waveguides built into extremely clean Tantula layers with very low levels of loss. \n\nThis was 6 years ago, so they most definitely moved on from there. \n\nSSD's seem to need way more flash chips all working together, which increases the cost. Also, the amount of layers is close to 24 for a flash chip, most read write heads are around half of that with larger tolerances and fewer smaller parts. \n\n ","OP ignore all these answers I believe they're all wrong. If I had to guess it's because they're aren't tons of drives. Noone buys 150gb or 200gb anymore. Theres no reason a SDD manufacture would make those sizes so doubling is a safe bet. If I need a 180gb drive I would feel very comfortable getting a 256gb. If I need a 150 I could possibly use a 128 but likely I'd still want a 256 for future use. Theres no reason I should have a 200gb option and a 256 option. USB do the same thing -edit- But I do have non power of two options as seen on this page http://www.tigerdirect.com/applications/category/category_tlc.asp?CatId=5298","You're either a really bad troll or horribly misinformed and blissfully confident.\n\nMemory comes in those sizes because computers work in binary space","Antibody_ptp had a good reply to my comment. You still sound like a bitch tho. You should ask me why most drives are 1 &amp; 2 TB and we are only getting &gt;2TB now. I'll either troll the fuck out of you or give a legit answer. Only you can find out","I really couldn't even be bothered to ask","Binary dictate sizes as much as hand dictates cup lengths. Physical hardware doesn't give a shit about numbers.\n\nCan you tell me why there are 240gb, 500gb, 480 and 120gb on this page http://www.tigerdirect.com/applications/category/category_tlc.asp?CatId=5298\n\nPlease tell me how binary makes this impossible","https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/4g6f6r/eli5_how_come_solid_state_drives_ssds_are_mostly/d2fdoc5\n\n240GB for example: 128GB chip+64GB chip+32GB chip+16GB chip = 240GB","That's a good answer but any number can be many chips. 123 is 64+32+16+8+2+1 which doesn't make sense to do. Why would you spend work on merging 3chips (or 6 in my example) instead of have one and drop bits/ignore addresses if they don't exist? On old CPU hardware if you had 2KB of ram and you read somewhere in 3K it'd give you back something in 1K because it ignores those high bits. I except drives to do the same thing","I thought the rounded off SSD's were made from chips that didn't quite make the cutoff for bad NAND blocks, so they just remap the remaining good ones and sell it as a lower capacity.","\"SSD's are Cheaper and easier to make\" are words I keep seeing here. If this logic is true, than why are SSDs more expensive on store shelves? I guess another example of markets not passing allong the savings?","The full quotation is\n\n&gt; SSDs have pieces that are cheaper and easier to make in length two\n\nOr, if you still don't understand\n\n&gt; SSDs have pieces that are cheaper and easier to make in length two **than in length one**\n\nThat is, we are not comparing to HDDs here.","Is there an ELI5 for why they are designed this way in the first place?","To be fair, most 5-year-olds don't understand what mathematical mathematical base is.","It's not a direct cause-effect relationship, but so far we haven't come up with memory that is both fast and non-volatile.  For system memory we want the absolute fastest memory we can get, and that memory happens to be volatile. \n\nThat said, though, there have been various attempts at using RAM for longer-term data storage.  The simplest is just to make a RAM Disk, which is a software construct that mounts a file system on your computer where the contents of that file system are always stored in RAM (and perhaps stored on a hard drive for when the computer turns off).  For programs that are constrained by how fast they can read data this can be a good tool, although of course you still have to get the data into RAM in the first place.  This is mostly for programs that have a lot of back-and-forth to disk, where you don't want to re-write the program to work out of a larger amount of RAM than it was originally envisioned for.\n\nAnother approach is to actually mount RAM modules on a PCI card and use that as a disk.  I haven't seen one of these in a long time.  They would often even come with a specific power port so that the RAM could store the data while the rest of the computer is turned off. ","Very interesting, thanks for the reply. \n\nI guess it's just one of those things... although to be honest, I don't think faster storage would benefit users very much anymore. I can only speak as a user who games a lot, but my load times are already very short, and my games never seem to have issues with grabbing textures or what I assume to be other storage-heavy files. \n\nThe only thing that could really be improved significantly for me are transfer times between drives. Perhaps for more content-based users that retrieve a lot of large files on a regular basis, faster storage would be useful.","1TB is a power of 2 though. ","Who the fuck is buying 150GB hard drives?","You do understand that not every computer is built to be the average person's home computer right?  Like if someone needs to built a point of sale system - then you don't need anything more than that.  No ones going to be storing videos and music and pictures on it.  You just need the space for the operating system, and the one or 2 programs you need to run. So why would someone go buy 500G or 1TB or 2TB for that application?","You could also get a 512GB drive sold as a smaller size with some space used as backup.","&gt; Don't forget that nowadays many consumer SSD use TLC NAND, thus every physical cell can store 3 bits of data, so the base-2 reasoning doesn't really hold up.\n\nBut why are the chips themselves then still designed to be base-2 sizes? Is it just because everyone has always done that? Or does that have to do with address space?\n\nedit: nevermind [I found a comment below](https://nl.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/4g6f6r/eli5_how_come_solid_state_drives_ssds_are_mostly/d2f9rwe) which explains it a bit more.","[deleted]","&gt; So when it comes to something like ram slots (which is what a ssd is)\n\nThis is vastly inaccurate. RAM is fast volatile memory that has to be rewritten constantly to maintain its stored values longer than fractions of a second. SSDs are much slower nonvolatile memory that hold a charge for years without power.\n\nThey do make RAM drives (or at least used to) for caching frequently used files (with battery backup and an SSD slot they save everything to in case of power loss). I think they mostly died out when RAIDed SSDs became \"enough\" in a practical sense on read speeds, main system RAM caps outpaced actual desktop needs, and OSes started prefetching better.","This was to explain why some memory is powers of *anything*, while other forms are just round numbers in base 10.\n\nOnce you get to that point it's simple enough to answer \"why 2 instead of 3?\" by noting that two is the easiest to use when you're dealing with binary.","The memory in SSDs have a finite number of writes. To make the best if it, they are programmed to prefer writing to blank space instead of overwriting where it just was. This is called wear leveling, and relies on some free space being left.\n\nSome drives list the raw maximum size. Others round it down to \"recommended maximum capacity\".","[Write Amplification.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Write_amplification)\n\nI agree 100% with the other person who responded to you. If the same make of drive is being offered as over provisioned OR not (120GB and 128GB) I would view the overprovisioned version with suspicion. ","But 80gb?  So random.","But they give it a fancy sounding term to appease those who dont know better lol - overprovisioning. ","Also they're physically different designs. One is round and the other square. Ones going to have a number based on pi rounded for marketing and the other will have a number based off the root ofna square. ","Yes, hard drives don't have actual capacities in perfectly rounded numbers, that's just what is put on the box.  IIRC there's been lawsuits over this in the past.  ","See also nvidia.","&gt; store 3 bits of data\n\nDO you know what the term *bit* is derived from? BINARY DIGIT! You are wrong.","&gt; 3 bits\n\nThat term refers to 3 binary digits, by the way.","TLC NAND flash cells can be programmed in either of 8 different states, meaning they can store 3 bits. So, I am not wrong.","This isn't in any way correct but since it's ELI5, it's close enough. ","I'm sorry, but I completely disagree. Indeed the fact that the question is actually wrong goes someway to disagree with you. \n\nIf you search for ssds on Amazon, you'll see they come in all kinds of size, not just those mentioned here. \n\nI would say there are 2 reasons we see this. One, is that hard drives typically have much more storage, and so the numbers picked end up being rounder (indeed power of two end up with lots of zeros as round numbers, I.e 2^10 and all higher powers are round numbers of thousands).\n\nIts a coincidence/numerology nonsense that you're pulling out numbers like 64 and 128. You see them sometimes (probably because ram architecture is being recycled, definately for the cheaper models I'd say), but you equally often see numbers like 120, 250, 500, etc. (do an Amazon search). \n\nAbove All of this though, I would say another think to have an effect is market research by the companies. It's long been known that selling only 2tb drives makes less money than selling a wide spectrum of sizes. But at the same time it's expensive to run multiple production lines. And so the companies produce \"smaller\" drives which have have all of the technology required for the full drive size, but turn sections off. This actually allows them to make more money, since the margins on the drives are high enough. It is simple to understand that the exact same research will have been done for ssds.\n\nAll the above items contribute to a much richer spectrum of drive sizes, making it easier to pull out perceived patterns. Attributing rules like \"they're always powers of two\" however, is wrong. ","But you don't see 600 GB - it actually is a power of two, just with some of it used internally by the SSD for management purposes, wear leveling, defect management and such.","From what I know the 120GB, 250GB, and 500GB etc. sizes all are actually 128GB, 256GB, and 512GB but with only the lower amount of actually usable storage for the user because the firmware needs some space to work with.","With SSDs, it's relatively common to have errors that make a certain area on the drive unwritable. To ensure that this one error doesn't cause the entire drive to be unusable, the drive maps another area of memory to be used instead of that bad area.\n\nSo when you buy a 120GB drive, it really does have 128GB of memory, and the 8GB is there as backup space if areas become bad.","Some terribly overcomplicated, academic masturbation answers in this thread!","Well since the op has already been bombarded with explanations, and I felt that they really don't explain much, then I guess I have a shot at least give someone a clear picture of wtf is this all about.\n\nFirst of all Hard Drives don't always come in the spaces OP suggested, that is only something as of recently; that many of this companies have consolidated techniques for efficiency and cost. But technologically hard drives could be almost any size  you would want. But that requires careful implementation of every specific factor. In a nutshell this is how a hard drive's capacity works:\n\n It is a cylinder made out of platters, each platter has 2 surfaces, each surface has tracks (circular rings around its radius kinda like the rings in a tree), each track has sectors, and there is an average number of bytes per sector across all the disk. In other words want to know the capacity of a disk? Its just (platters)x(surfaces per platter) x (number of tracks per surface) x(average sectors per track)x(bytes per sectors) its a no brainer equation. \n\nAnd its quite clever, and if you think about it, it allows for you to have massive freedom in the kind of Capacity numbers you may want. Just play with the variables. So in other words, there is no format that hard drives have to follow to be the way they are. There are industry standards and consumer choices that make engineers make common and recognizable amounts. \n\nSSDs are significantly more complicated. So without getting into it too much... There are pages of memory, and each page of memory has blocks of memory inside of it. Each page can be up to 512kb in size or as low as 4kb and and it can have 32 to 128 blocks inside of them. And thats about it without getting into the physics of it. Basically you can just grab many pages and depending how you implemented those pages, you can stick ehm in groups of them into cheaper to build megablocks of pages. Have lots of them, add a controller and there is an ssd. It's a far more symmetric process.\n\nHowever you don't have that much freedom with the blocks inside the pages anyway, because that may flat out damage the SSD's performance in specific situations. You want the most balanced drive that performs the best in the most common type of tasks and has decent random write performance to allow flexibility. Believe it or not the way data is organized has a massive impact in regular read and write processes. Optimizations are eventually found for user patterns, and designs become common and hard to surpass. But there are quite a few odd sized SSDs out there. And they usually are meant to work best at more specialized workloads. Sorry I didn't explain more but I don't want to introduce caching and cpu instructions and such here. \n\nIs that make sense?","I don't want to think about what that kmap would look like...","I'm not sure this makes sense. The capacity of a 512 GB SSD is not a power of two. 512 GB = 512,000,000,000 bytes, or 2^(9)10^(9), or 2^(18)5^(9). To make this using discrete modules of size 2^(N), you'd need the following 13 modules at minimum:\n\n&gt; 262144 + 1048576 + 8388608 + 16777216 + 67108864 + 268435456 + 536870912 + 4294967296 + 8589934592 + 17179869184 + 68719476736 + 137438953472 + 274877906944\n\nFor 500 GB, you'd need these 13:\n\n&gt; 2048 + 32768 + 131072 + 1048576 + 4194304 + 33554432 + 134217728 + 536870912 + 1073741824 + 17179869184 + 68719476736 + 137438953472 + 274877906944\n\nJS source:\n\n\n    (512 * Math.pow(10, 9)) // Or 500\n        .toString(2).split('').reverse()\n        .map(function(bit, i) { return bit * Math.pow(2, i); })\n        .filter(function(x) { return x; })\n        .join(' + ');","\"Gigabyte\" is notoriously poorly defined, so I'm guessing the actual space is 512 **gibi**bytes, which in bytes, is 549755813888 = 2^39.","When you're measuring RAM, the industry convention is at odds with typical usage. But for disks, one gigabyte means one billion bytes. This is how they are marketed and how most operating systems measure them. This is well-known for hard drives (after a class-action lawsuit against Western Digital was settled in 2006) but also true for SSDs. If you buy a 512 GB SSD, then you should expect 512 GB of space (minus filesystem overhead), not ~550 GB.","As I understand it, the whole 512Gb is in itself rounded for marketing purposes and whats available to store is indeed a power of 2 fairly close to 512,000,000,000 bytes. My answer was abstracted for simplicity. You calculates are spot on though. I had to check on toString(2) cos I didn't know that was a binary conversion. As a C++ guy who's recently been thrown into a deep, dark, weakly typed pit of JS, it's nice to learn new things. ","Let's look at this example of a 1TB SSD.\n\nLet's say we build this SSD by combining 16 64GB memory chips into a single package. Let's number these chips 0-15. And address them sequentially. The address spaces where each chip needs to be activated are as follows:\n\nChip 0: 0x0000000000 - 0x0FFFFFFFFF\n\nChip 1: 0x1000000000 - 0x1FFFFFFFFF\n\nChip 2: 0x2000000000 - 0x2FFFFFFFFF\n\netc.\n\nYou should already be able to see that the logic circuit we need to make, which activates or deactivates each chip, depending on the current address, just needs to look at the \"top\" digit of the address (the 4 most significant bits) and check if they are equal to a specific value. This can be done for each chip with a single 4-input AND gate and some inverters. Or, more likely, it could be done with  a single 16-channel PAL (programmable array logic) chip.\n\nRunning the same example for a 1000^4 B SSD, built from 16 62.5*1000^3 B chips, the address space is.....\n\nChip 0: 0x0000000000 - 0x0E8D4A50FF\n\nChip 1: 0x0E8D4A5100 - 0x1D1A94D1FF\n\nChip 2: 0x1D1A94D200 - 0x3A35294400\n\netc.\n\nThis mapping is far more complex, and would require mathematical circuitry. I.E a circuit that takes the current address and two other hard-coded addresses and checks if the address is greater than hard-coded value A and less than hard-coded value B. Math circuitry is quite complex, and unlike the previous example, this circuit would require hundreds to thousands of gates to implement. Then duplicate that 16 times.","If you want EXACTLY some multiple of 1000 then of course it becomes complicated.\n\nUsually you would just use enough of whatever chip size you have so that it rounds to 1TB and use the same addressing you listed in your first example.","five year old me would have lost you at \"arbitrary\"","This.\n\nIts why my 320 GB HDD only has 288ish GB of storage","Yes, I understand that. What I meant is that the 10, 50, 100, etc. are still representative actual amount of bytes on the drive. They didn't just relabel the 128 to be 100, and 256 to be 250. They changed the number of bytes physical on the size when they made those new sizes.","There are complications, like reserving some space of internal operations, defect sectors, and other stuff. But on a fundamental level, all SSDs are built to be \"symetrical\", [for reasons](https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/4g6f6r/eli5_how_come_solid_state_drives_ssds_are_mostly/d2f9rwe?context=1).","I was replying to the previous comment, which said that HDD storage sizes are in powers of 2.  How does 40GB fit with that, or is /u/namesandfaces incorrect?","Sorry, your question is a bit more nuanced than what I thought you were asking! \n\nGenerally, namesandfaces is incorrect. HDD is a lot less dependant on storage space being allocated into a 2^x space, because of addressing.\n\nThst been said, it's still a very common convention. In the 40gb case it's possible (but not neccesary) that the memory is allocated into a 32gb space and an 8gb space. ","&gt; The candy metaphor isn't about the differences between HDD and SSD, it's about why we often see certain numbers pop up reoccuringly, like 256.\n\nNo, the question is *specifically* why the numbers seem to differ between SSDs and HDDs.\n\n&gt; Both HDD and SSD's storage sizes are in powers of 2. Some SSD companies use numbers like 250 and 500 GB, but they really mean 256 and 512. Other companies just advertise 512. The same is true for HDD companies in that they differ on marketing.\n\nYou do not understand what you're talking about and are just spreading faleshoods. HDDs don't come in nice large chunks of power-of-2 sizes. The candy metaphor gives a good explanation for why HDDs are usually round numbers (in decimal), and SDDs are usually powers of 2 (round numbers in binary). \n\nThen on top of that, there are a lot of subtil complications, like the often overlooked difference between GigaBytes (GB, 1000^3 ) and GigiBytes (GiB, 1024^3 ), reserved space for internal operations that might use the main block or use additional chips instead, or the case of basically sticking two SSDs into one and get very unusual numbers. Depending on all these factors, you might see some rounding on some SSDs for marketing purpuses.","[deleted]","&gt; Am I mistaken to say that at the low level, both HDD and SSD storage are in powers of 2?\n\n**YES**\n\nWhat are hard disk drives? [These things](http://i.stack.imgur.com/81rt4.jpg). This exact size! I'm not trying to be condecending. This form factor has been an industry standard for decades. And on the inside, [they all look basically the same too](http://img11.deviantart.net/3cd6/i/2010/329/a/e/hdd_icon_by_itob-d33lzcu.png). Just a bunch of plates with a magnetic surface. The magnetisation of a small area on that plate can be changed. [This is used to represent your 1s and 0s](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/ca/Aufnahme_einzelner_Magnetisierungen_gespeicherter_Bits_auf_einem_Festplatten-Platter..jpg). The way you get more GBs on those plates has nothing to do with powers of 2. The plates are basically \"analog\" (until you're hitting the atomic level..). How small can you make the area needed to represent a single bit is what matters. The plate is basically a huuuuge sheet of paper, and you can write/read more the sharper your pencil is/the better your eyes are.\n\nSolid state drives are fundamentally different. [They store their data on chips](http://electronicdesign.com/site-files/electronicdesign.com/files/archive/electronicdesign.com/content/content/73600/73600_fig02.jpg). They are constructed with an exact number of bits. You don't get to decide how small you write. Instead, your piece of paper is checkered. If you want differently sized boxes, you need to get your paper manufacturer to print you differently sized checkered paper. Also, instead of one *huuuuuge* sheet of paper, you're basically buying binders full of paper. And why would you, like, just throw some of them away? Space is no issue. You keep the whole binder. This is a shit analogy, but the point is, it makes sense, for reasons, to just double and double and double. Physical space is no issue, because information/volume is already *much* better than on HDDs, which is why most SDDs come [in the small (laptop sized) form factor](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/5e/Vertex_2_Solid_State_Drive_by_OCZ-top_oblique_PNr%C2%B00307.jpg/1024px-Vertex_2_Solid_State_Drive_by_OCZ-top_oblique_PNr%C2%B00307.jpg). \n\nThen there's a bunch of complications which I really don't care about getting into because I've fed you enough rope already.","[deleted]","Yes, you are wrong. Pardon me for trying to explain why. \"You are wrong\" didn't seem that convincing to you earlier.","[deleted]","Then you just go on believing whatever the fuck you want. ","And again you failed to answer why spinning disks are often sold in rounded numbers and SSDs are sold as exacts. It's not even a question of an effective metaphor, you're just plainly not answering what was asked.","[deleted]","The candy metaphor ignored binary because it wasn't important. OP wasn't asking \"hey guys how come 256 happens\" he was asking about the difference between something marketed as 250 and something market as 256. Ultimately I think the candy metaphor does an excellent job of explaining the difference between discrete packets, as in an SSD where they're just copy pasting (more or less) the same unit over and over, versus a spinning disk technology where you have x space and you fit as many bits as you can however you can.\n\nIn the spinning disk case, they have a specific space (the pool) and they want it as full of candy as possible. That means you want the smallest candy possible to limit empty space.\n\nIn the SSD case, you have packets of candy and you want to sell as many distinct packets as you can.\n\nFlash storage takes a particular amount of space to work and for a given technology you can't change the way that space is allocated, aka you can't make the packs of candy any smaller without completing changing the technology (which is where improved SSDs come in, etc). On the other hand, with a spinning disk it may be possible to simply rearrange the candy to fit more into the pool. Basically, that means you're getting a very exact number with flash storage (SSD, in binary 2x2x2x2x2...) and a much larger but less precise number with spinning disks.","[deleted]","Can be a number of reasons: https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/4g6f6r/eli5_how_come_solid_state_drives_ssds_are_mostly/d2f9k9t\n\nYou seem to kind of not understand what is beeing explaind. And now you've gone to complaining that the metaphor doesn't explain all the edge cases that exists.","[deleted]","&gt; Can you look to the candy metaphor and distill those 3 factors offered? I don't think you can. \n\nNo, I can't. Because that's **additional** stuff on top. The candy metaphor is a **metaphor** that explains the basic technical/physical difference than causes these numbers to have different patters. And you are, again, complaining that it doesn't explain all the edge cases.\n\nYou obviously don't understand storage technologies (or you'd understand that his explanation was a very nice analogy). That's not a crime. But, why go around and pretend to know better? If you don't know this shit, why do you need to spread bullshit all over this thread that it's really about marketing? It just isn't true. Why, when you don't know how storage space works, do you insist that something about marketing you've read about an hour ago is the better explanation than the one that *tries* to give you an idea of what is actually going on under the hood? And on top of that, complain that the explanation wasn't more detailed/complicated?","[deleted]","That's quantum candy and makes you gain weight even faster.","Except the 3rd piece can exist or not exist or be the same as piece one or two at the same time","People don't necessarily come to this sub for perfect quick answers, if they wanted that they could do a few googles themselves, they come here for an interesting way to explain things that they might not otherwise know, or as a way to let their creative juices flow while explaining something they have knowledge about."],["The shifts are not instantatneous. They *usually* happen on the scale of 1000 to 10,000 years.^[1](http://www.livescience.com/18426-earth-magnetic-poles-flip.html). The effect would probably not be that major to the biosphere. From studying past shifts, we know that the magnetic field does not completely disappear during a shift. It does weaken however. The weakining can allow more solar radiation through to the surface, and we'd be able to see the auroras even at low latitudes. However, even with a weaker field, our atmosphere will still protect us from most of the solar radiation. Also, there doesn't seem to be any correlation between mass extinctions and reversals.^[2](http://www.nasa.gov/topics/earth/features/2012-poleReversal.html)\n\nAlso we might be at the start of another magnetic reversal right now. The north pole is moving faster now (40 miles / year) than it was at the beginning of the 1900s (10 miles / year). Magnetic reversals happen every 200,000 to 300,000 years, but the last one happened 750,000 years ago.\n\nEdit: I should have explained this better. The time between reversals is very irregular. The 200,000 to 300,000 is a general idea of their (recent) frequency. Time time between individual reversals can vary. [A diagram](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/c/c0/Geomagnetic_polarity_0-169_Ma.svg) of showing reversals. The black regions are periods of normal polarity (same as today). The white regions are periods of reversed polarity.","&gt; From studying past shifts, we know that \n\nELI5: how do we study past shifts?","There's a giant ridge in the middle of the Atlantic ocean called the Mid-Atlantic Ridge (cuz why not?). Basically the plates on each side are moving away and new lava pours out. While the lava is still in a liquid state it becomes magnetized by our magnetic field. Once the lava solidifies it acts as a record of past field polarity. We can then compare the magnetic record with fossil and glacial records and see that there doesn't seem to be a connection between magnetic reversals and extinctions, or magnetic reversals and glacial activity.","I feel like your life is a bit more exciting than mine...","I chase pigeons from the runway at an airport...","You are the one undoing all my hard work!\n\nEdit: dang, first gold is about pigeons. what am i doing with my life.","Without my work there'd be a coo...","How often do you bring up your line of work in a conversation just to use that line?","It doesn't come up much in carpentry oddly enough. ","I thought you chased birds not fish.","Now we're in for it","Beakause?","And a whole lotta poo","I shoo for the poo.","...Bravo!","This doesn't get golded?","Gilded ","RIP Gil. While he was alive, he gave generously.","You put pigeons on runways at airports?","No he trains them to stand there. Much more time consuming. ","Don't feel bad. My first gold was because I believed drop bears were a real thing. Enjoy the r/lounge","/r/lounge is like the biggest letdown ive ever seen on reddit. full of mcdonalds employees smugly circlejerking about how much money theyve spent.","dude, dont joke about drop bears like that","Don't planes do that?\n\n...\n\nAre you a plane?","No, planes like to eat them. ","It's that time of year. You should try poisoning pigeons in the [park](https://youtube.com/watch?v=yhuMLpdnOjY).","I love Tom Lehrer, especially Werner von Braun (spelling?)","Let me tell you, my three year old would LOVE your job. He does it for free in the park and likes airplanes.\n\nEdit note:\nHe doesn't shoot them though, he only chases then and yells at them.","Yep. Definitely more exciting.","You're a birdman? Sweet! Your existence was the bane of our ground school instructor for a few years at cadets :P \"how do I become birdman?\" \"what does birdman do?\" \"can we meet birdman?\" \"birdman, birdman, birdman!!!\"","I thought birdman retired to be a lawyer? ","Do you really want to feel him?","I hate to be a stickler, but it's, \"Do you really want to feel the power of attorney?\" The pause makes it sound weird.","Do you want to be shrunk?   Shrink gun! ","To be fair I think your job is awesome. \n\nI was at Daytona speedway recently which is flanked by an airport that had guys shooting fireworks at seagulls. Seemed like a cool job if I am honest. And that's coming from a. Guy who was at the time crew chief for a pro motorcycle racer ","Oh it isn't my job.","I play a millionaire at parties\n\n...\n\n...\n\n...\n\nAt least I'd like to.","We should put pots on our heads.","My legs are tired.","You just run around and yell at them?","Sometimes yeah if they're jerks. Then it's off to work as I'm a carpenter by trade, but after work, oh you'd better believe it's *on* again.","They might not understand English but the message still gets through. ","I thought they outsourced that work to dogs.\n\nhttp://caninesrule.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/airport-dog-6.jpg","I see this type of comment pretty much every time a scientist talks about their research or knowledge, and usually the response is that exciting is not a good way to describe their jobs.  \nI'm not saying the above commenter's life *isn't* exciting, or that science can't be exciting, but generally being a scientist is 90% tedious research and academic politics.","&gt;90% is writing research grants \n\nFtfy","Scientist here... (I'm a chemist at a steel manufacturing facility).  My job is 60% emails, 10% lab work, and 30% figuring out how to spend less money.  ","Have you considered doing less lab work? I'm not a chemist, but that strikes me as the likely place your funding is going.","emails are expensive though, having to pay for all those estamps","Ha! The funny thing about that is 4 years ago, I was doing 50% lab work and 50% emails.  Then I got pulled into process improvement and optimization.  They had to hire a lab tech to make up for the 40% lab work I wasn't able to keep up with.\n\nSo by doing less lab work (the only place I was actually spending money) we ended up spending more funding on lab work.","Pretty much, but at least geophysics usually involves some field work. ","tbh I learned everything he said in an intro to oceanography course","I teach this to my 6th graders. ","Lucky kids. I had to wait until grade 12 before I learned about how awesome geology can be. I now have a degree in geology and continue to love the field.","Meanwhile, I was taught that the universe is 7000 years old, and geological dating techniques are all rubbish, because bible. \n\nTook 11 years to finally undo that brainwashing... :(\n\n*edit: units of time. My physics professor would disown me...*","Curious, was it a mind blown epiphany for you, or more of a \"I kinda thought this was how it should be / this makes more sense\" deal? Or something else?","It was definitely a \"this makes more sense\" thing. My biological anthropology class walked through all of the overwhelmingly compelling evidence for evolution. (Of course, I was taught that evolution was a flat-out lie too... yay)  Since evolution requires such huge timescales, the class even went into dating techniques to support the dates used. \n\nCouple that with using science in physics, and seeing that it *works*, and welcoming astronomy naturally followed.","[deleted]","Your observation skills rock!","Found the Canadian, am I right?","I learned it from a documentary on science channel. ","Well *I* just installed fallout new vegas\n\nIt's been slow","I'm not a scientist, but I play one in post-apocalyptic roleplaying games.","I don't think exciting is quite the word you were looking for.","This is basic geophysics (paleomag to be specific). Its probably the easiest part of geophysics to understand. Here is a nice diagram I found, although they did spell \"lithosphere\" wrong:\n\nhttp://www.apexmagnets.com/wp/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/APEX-magnetic-polarity-changes-at-oceanic-ridges-300x212.png","You didn't learn this in secondary school (High school)? ","I dunno about OP or your secondary schools, but at mine we chose our own classes. And you only had to fill a certain amount of requirements to pass (such as X amount of Science/Math/English/History credits). My programming classes covered all of math and Science so I only needed 2 years of English and History and the rest we could choose any filler class. I never took Geography or a lot of the more essential classes (wish I had though).","There's actually a ton of information about this kind of stuff in almost any science documentary. Cosmos, wonders of the universe, wonders of life, and even through the wormhole. Even the mike row narrated show from the discovery channel. Not to take away from op or demean his character. Information is out there, let the Internet bring it to you!","You have almost 300 upvotes that tell me otherwise, friend. \n","To add to that every volcanic rock on earth records paleomagnetism, not just the ridges... So by taking the polarity of the rock and the age of when it formed one can reconstruct how the plates were arranged at different points in time","Yeah but the ridges happen to be an extremely large pit so there are a  lot of years of rock near the \"surface\" as opposed to continental cliffs that are much smaller and constantly eroding.","That's... Amazing. Meanwhile I sometimes wonder if I put my cheese on the right side of my bread. ","You mean that the cheese sometimes makes it on the outside of a sandwich? \n\nThat's pretty metal.","Put your cheese between two buns. Grate extra cheese, put aside. Put sandwich on the grill (or frying pan). Flip after a min. Apply grated cheese to top of sandwich. Let melt. Flip again so the grated cheese gets crispy. Oh my god.","Maybe he means next to it. Deconstructed sandwich, £18.","[\"The dirty, thieving bastards.\"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NDgqtfiWv7Q)","\"I hear you like your chicken strip on the underside of the bread. What were you thinking?\" - Redneck Avengers, Tulsa Nights - BLR","Well... which side do you put it on?","How the fuck did we figure out we could do that","By accident actually. After WWII (?) the US Navy had boats with large magnetic detection equipment sweeping the ocean looking for mines. They noticed the readings changed slightly as they sailed along. They figured out that that errors were mirrors on either side of the Mid-Atlantic ridge, thus discovering the polarity of rocks, as well as proving (along with other evidence) that tectonic plates move at the same time.","[More info and visuals](http://mrsciguy.com/EarthScience/magnet.html)","Magnetic North is moving 40 miles a year? I thought it was a matter of inches. ","I understand how this is logical... But it just blows my mind to think of the first person to think of this and then to actually collect and test evidence.","That's so fucking cool. ","I just got a science boner.","Researchers look at the polarization of metal in the deep sea bed, which shows when it shifted previously.","The poles of lodestones  (natural magnets) deep in the crust don't all point the same way, which means that the poles were in different positions at various points.","You might like this documentary on that:  \nhttps://youtu.be/NJUTUFAWfEY","&gt; 200,000 to 300,000 years, but the last one happened 750,000 years ago. \n\nwhy does it always seem like we're overdue for every earth event ","I don't know about you but I'm glad we are late for Yellowstone to Erupt.  I don't want to be around for that.  ","Seriously. That shit will kill over half the Earth's species and decimate a large portion of the human population. ","Gulp.  So... How overdue?","It erupts every 600,000-700,000 years; right now we're at 640,000.\n","OK... I think I feel OK about those odds.\n\nI think.","Lucky for us, the entirety of human recorded history is 10,000 years. If it is even halfway between those two, 650,000 years, we still got 10,000 years to figure something out.","\"Giant cork\" is my suggestion. ","Holy shit this kinda fucks my mind.","I mean, if you're on Reddit, chances are your entire lifespan is on the scale of 25 years, give or take 10. And that \"feels\" like forever. 10k years is an eternity from the perspective of a human, it's just when compared to everything else that it seems tiny.","The problem is the next major event could be tomorrow or in the next 10,000 years. In the scales we are talking about there's virtually no difference in those two outcomes and it's next to impossible to predict with our level of technology. ","&gt;in the scales we're talking about there's virtually no difference...\n\nBut the scale we are talking about is 200,000-300,000 years. 750,000 is off by a multiplier of more than 2. If the earth's events are so unpredictable then how can we claim to know that they will happen within a range of 100,000 years when we are currently more than *400,000* years away from that?","Nobody is claiming to know when it will happen. Only claiming to know when it has happened, and based on that, when it is most likely to happen again. \n\nBased on that it is clear we are 'overdue', but we still can't say for sure.","Because humans have a naturally difficult time grasping things of an exceptionally large scale. It's a side-effect of being relatively small and having very short lifespans ourselves.\n\nIf we were to somehow determine, with absolute accuracy, that there's going to be a massive, continent-shattering earthquake 7,000 years from now, most people would shrug and say \"So?\", but on a relative scale from a geological viewpoint, 7,000 years is practically tomorrow.","Any theories on why the change has been delayed?","It's not really delayed, it just happens irregularly.  Here's a [graph showing the past reversals](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Nils_Olsen/publication/225879189/figure/fig6/AS:302655894245381@1449170196763/Fig-13-Geomagnetic-polarity-timescale-from-marine-magnetic-anomalies-for-0-160-Ma-after.png).  Black is like today, white is flipped.  Notice the flips take place at irregular intervals.","Why is there such a long black? And why does the field reverse?","It got \"stuck\" at some point back in the Mesozoic.  Nobody knows why, as far as I know.  \n\nWe _do_ know it flips periodically because of the nature of the complicated fluid dynamo system that keeps the whole thing going.  It's not just up or down, either, especially when flipping you get a multipole situation where there are multiple north and south poles and auroras all over the planet.  I'd like to see that.  ","I too am hoping for a multipole situation. \n\nLike all the cool kids. ","Just not on the exam, okay?","is this at all similar to the gif of an astronaut spinning something like a wing-nut and it reversing as it spins, into two discrete positions?","It is, actually.  The Earth itself is spinning on its axis.  That spinning carries with it a core made of nickel and iron, both strongly ferromagnetic materials.  Meanwhile, that spinning also carries electrically charged material, and any moving charge induces a magnetic field.  That field is strengthened by the iron core in the same way you can make an electromagnet by wrapping a current carrying wire around an iron nail.  The two directions for the poles represent stable points for what is essentially an electromagnetic gyroscope, and the north/south pole locations just result from the electric current balance of the spinning charge distribution.  If the charge balance shifts, it could cause the net magnetic field to flip.","Well. They both involve physics...","Have you considered aliens?","I got a haircut recently so I no longer have the large poof of brown hair needed to consider aliens.","Well, I believe that it is *somewhat* known to be random. Because the earth's core is hotter than its Curie Temperature, its generates a magnetic field by electrons in the magma transferring due to convection in the core. Occasionally the convection reverses randomly, flipping the field. Currently it is \"upside down\" as in our north has the south orientation to it (if it were a bar magnet).","Looking at that graph leads me to believe something *WEIRD* was going down in the Mid-Cretaceous period.","There was.  That time also has an unusual number of large igneous provinces / flood basalts, and ocean spreading rates were near their maximum in the last ~500 million years.  Something was a little different in the mantle at that time.  People have suggested it was lingering effects from the breakup of Pangaea, almost 100 million years earlier.  That might seem like a bit of a stretch (Pangaea started splitting up ~200 million years ago), but the mantle doesn't circulate very quickly.","The change isn't so much 'delayed' as taking longer than average. It's a very variable process, with patches of time (millions of years) where changes happen very rapidly, then some of the same length with little to no change whatsoever. We're very far from having the computational power necessary to fully model the convecting systems in the outer core that (we believe) act as part of a dynamo system maintaining the field, and until we get closer, we won't have a particularly concrete idea of what causes reversals.\n\nEdit: added to last sentence for clarity","&gt; We're very far from having the computational power necessary to fully model the convecting systems in the outer core\n\nEven with modern supercomputers? Is it because fluid dynamics is extremely complex?","That and we know extremely little about the mantle. It's kinda hard to get to and every time you dig anywhere near it, it would start to come up to meet you, significantly changing the way that spot you're studying works compared to the rest of the Earth.","I think the issue is also that we don't know the initial conditions well enough to make a good model.","I blame Obama.","Nah, Obama *wanted* change.","Unless it's climate change.","[deleted]","AFAIK we don't know why they happen in the first place, other than that it has to do with the core","&gt;The north pole is moving faster now (40 miles / year) than it was at the beginning of the 1900s (10 miles / year).\n\nWhoa, news to me. Am I wrong to think that that's insanely fast?\n\n\n","Is it moving in a line or back and forth or in a circle...? Those details matter. ","I've really enjoyed reading your response to all of these questions, what do you do for a living?","Is it possible for a reversal to finish in a different position, say North pole in South America and South pole in Africa-Asia? ","It already does. The pole moves all the time. Currently the *magnetic* south pole (ironically in the north) is in the Arctic ocean, but it was in Northern Canada for a while. This has occurred over about 100 years. Currently it is moving north (towards the spin axis/pole). The pole has major excursions every 1000 years or so.\n\nhttps://www.wpclipart.com/geography/Earth/pole/magnetic_north_pole_movement.png","Interesting. Do we know what's the furthest the magnetic poles have ever gone away from the geographical ones? And is there a limit? Theoretically, could the magnetic poles be at the equator at some point?","I always wondered, with the weaker magnetic field of the Earth at the times of pole reversal, do you think that more solar radiation at these times is responsible for more mutations in the existing species possibly leading to a more diverse ecosystem?","If solar radiation is that strong, you have bigger thing to worry, like the amount of atmospheric gas being ionized and lost. (ie. earth will turn to Mars.)\n\nThe reason mars lost its atmosphere is because the core is dead and has no magnet, and solar wind simply ionized/blow away most of its atmosphere.\n\nThat will happen at faster rate than genetic mutation","Doesn't it seem like the earth is past due for a lot of things?  The San Andreas fault is past due for a major earthquake.  That super-volcano in the north is past due for an eruption.  The magnetic field is past due to reverse.","The magnetic field isn't actually past due for a reverse as the shifts are actually sporadic as explained in this graph https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Nils_Olsen/publication/225879189/figure/fig6/AS:302655894245381@1449170196763/Fig-13-Geomagnetic-polarity-timescale-from-marine-magnetic-anomalies-for-0-160-Ma-after.png","Do you have a graph that explains that graph?","Nigga that ain't a graph it's a bar code","Not a graph but the wikipedia article on geomagnetic reversals does a good job on explaining the graph.\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geomagnetic_reversal\n","The Yellowstone supervolcano is also not overdue.\n\nhttp://volcanoes.usgs.gov/volcanoes/yellowstone/faqs_misconceptions.html","&gt; The effect would probably not be that major to the biosphere.\n\nWhat about migratory birds? They make use of of the magnetic poles for direction. Might we see them flying East/West rather than North/South? Or do you think they'd adapt quickly enough?\n","They also use the Sun to navigate so they'll be a bit confused and probably arrive late but most would probably make it, just not in numbers as high as usual.","Does the magnetic field have something to do with gravity? If the magnetic pole weakens will it make everything \"lighter\"?\n\nedit: wording","Nope! As far as we know there are four fundamental forces that govern the universe. The two that we are most familiar with day to day are gravity and electromagnetism. Gravitational attraction happens between things with mass, which includes us and the Earth. We are lighter on the moon because the moon has much less mass than the Earth. A change in the Earth's magnetic field won't change its mass.","Thanks for the reply! everyday we learn something new!","What is your take on these two studies?\n The [first](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0012821X14001629), a study on mass extinction due to oxygen loss during a magnetic pole shift; and the [second](http://news.berkeley.edu/2014/10/14/earths-magnetic-field-could-flip-within-a-human-lifetime/) being a study from UC Berkley that proposes a magnetic pole reversal could happen within a human lifetime.","All the studies I've seen that have looked carefully at possible correlations between individual magnetic reversals and extinctions haven't found any statistical correlation at all, so I'm not sure how they claim otherwise.  They do a very-long-term average of \"reversal rate\" which shows some weak and not consistent correlations to some of the mass extinctions, but not to others, so it isn't exactly convincing.","Thank you! ","The way this guy is citing sources in a comment is freaking me out","Would solar panel output increase with increased radiation?","What are the effects of a moving pole on weather patterns?  Could a global warming denier use this an excuse to say these weather changes just happen.","I remember watching a story on discovery when I was a kid that said it would kill us all...\n","How does this affect species that use magnetoception to navigate? Will birds end up migrating to all the wrong places?","No, because they don't just \"fly towards X magnetic direction\" instead they learn the direction when flying somewhere (usually following other birds that know the route) and then use it as a reference. And they use other factors to navigate as well, magnetic field just helps keep them on course when those other factors are not available.  Because the field changes slowly compared to the average single trip, or even generation, they won't get lost.  Each new generation will just learn a slightly different magnetic landscape than the last.","I've seen birds tho'. Not smartest of the flock. ","Have you seen crows? Probably smarter than some of the people I know","It's called a Jackdaw. Gosh","Here's the thing...","what about worms?  I remember reading they use magnetic field to orient themselves properly when it rains, and they don't really have any other references as far as I can tell.","They dig straight down, but since the worms from the other side of the planet do the same, it turns out fine.","This guy digs. ","The # of generations of worms that would happen during the slow shift of the poles seems like enough that they might re-tune their compasses","You should really post this as its own topic if nobody answers within a day or two. Maybe even try /r/askscience.","Probably slow enough for evolutionary pressure to do its job","Would the reversing of the magnetic poles cause any issues with electronics such as hard drives?","No, your porn collection is safe. It might be a concern for satellites in orbit because they rely more on the magnetic field for protection, but electronics on the surface will probably be fine. One thing that might cause problems is power surges along electrical lines during Coronal Mass Ejections.","What would happen? ","Power surges. ","Along electrical lines","during Coronal Mass Ejections","But what would happen? ","Power surges.","Along electrical lines","during Coronal Mass Ejections","But would this cause problems?","Do you have a surge protector in your home? Do you know why they exist?\n","Some sort of surge, I'd reckon, based on the name. ","during Coronal Mass Ejections","Worst case scenario for a Coronal Mass Ejection (which would need to be very powerful), there is a massive increase in power at one or all of the major distribution stations sending everything into (possibly literal) meltdown. It would take quite a while to fully recover.\n\nEdited to add size of CME","So if my computer was disconnected from the mains, it might be OK? ","Probably, but if a CME was large enough to destroy distribution stations your laptop would be the least of your worries. Some people reckon that an extremely powerful (but also extremely improbable) CME could set society back 100 years, at least until utilities are restored.","Quite likely, since at ground level this becomes something like AM radio, and your machine by itself likely makes a poor antenna. But power lines and networks are basically gigantic antennas in that situation, and will pick up a *huge* amount of power, possibly far too much to handle, and could be destroyed. You know how long it took to build all that out; how long might it take to replace it?\n\nSo it might not matter if your computer survives, because there might not be anything left to plug it back into. And you might not know that, or have any way to know that, at least not on the time scale that you're used to right now. Our modern world runs on electricity, and without it we're knocked back at least a century, and in a situation like this will be stuck there for awhile.\n\nYou will not find out from radio or TV or the Internet, because there will be none to report it. Your mobile devices, if they survive, will be useless, because the infrastructure they rely on will be down or badly demaged or even destroyed. (And you will quickly realise why some of us laugh and sneer at comparisons of mobile phones to Star Trek communicators, which operate independently.) Your landline, if you have one, will probably not work, maybe for a long time. Some motor vehicles will be incapacitated, too. (Old diesels will be the most likely to escape undamaged and fully operable.) And where will you get fuel, when all gas stations are compterised and rely on electricity?\n\nThere's a reason this threat is taken so seriously by experts, and it's not because they're old and out of touch. They understand all too well how extremely dangerous it can be, how many people might die in the aftermath, and how little we can do about that. It could set affected areas back decades, rendering a nation like the U.S. or UK the equivalent of 19th Centery Bangladesh, maybe for years to come. It could mean widespread economic, social, and political collapse and require decades of recovery, maybe half a century to get back to where we are right now. We're talking massive calamity on an enormous scale, with very long-lasting consequences.\n\nBut there are many factors involved, and a great deal depends on luck. CMEs come in all sizes, and little ones might only knock out some satellites and disrupt communications. The last big one was the Carrington Event of 1859, which occurred just recently enough to provide some primitive examples of what could happen if the same occurred now. The flare itself was easily visible and witnessed by many people, the magnetic disturbance was measured by instruments in the UK, and it took down parts of the US telegraph network, starting fires and shocking some operators. Some operators at stations that were not knocked out noticed that the system worked *without power* because the network was charged up by the event.\n\nOur modern-day networks are much larger and more extensive, and we are far more reliant on them, even for our survival. The same occurring now would likely result in many deaths, especially in the aftermath as critical systems fail and don't come back.\n\nThe only effective prevention is hardening vulnerable network points, and restructuring networks to be less cross-dependent, so that failures and surges can be isolated before they cause extensive damage. That requires massive investment, and it's hard to convince people to pour money into something we might never need and that confers no obvious immediate benefit.\n","They wouldn't cause any harm to computers. Computers can't be harmed by it as CMEs only cause voltage differences over very long lengths of wire.","Does rotating your device 180 degrees on the surface of Earth cause it to quit functioning properly?\n\nIf the answer is \"no\", then it won't affect anything.","Nope, the magnetic forces wouldn't really increase or decrease that much, so it wouldn't affect your hard drive anymore then it does now.","I doubt so as we're experiencing a magnetic shift right now. The north pole is moving 40 miles per year as opposed to 10 miles per year from last century. I don't think any studies have shown a correlation between the fastening of the shifts and hard drive failures/corruptions.\n\nAlso, when the shift does happen fully, hard drives most likely won't be anywhere near as common as solid state drives would've become cheaper and more accessible.","I want to know what effect the reversal of the magnetic poles will have on electronics. Will the increase in solar radiation affect any hardware that we use commonly?\n","Nope,although some magnetic navigation equipment mah be affected.\n\nIt's just down to the magnetic flux: the earth's magnetic field is just way too weak to inluence any microelectronics. Harddrives are pretty much the only thing relying on magnetism anyway, and it takes a very powerful read/write head hovering almost directly over the 'bit' to flip it's polarity.","It already is happening right now.   It's a slow process.  Pilots are the ones that are really noticing it.  They have to do small adjustment on the runways so they point to true North. ","'Polar wander' happens regardless of whether or not the pole is in the process of changing - we have to correct for it when looking at the drift history of continents, but it is moving particularly fast today compared to, say, 25 years ago. This doesn't necessarily mean the poles are about to reverse, as the current rate of polar wander has been reached before since the last reversal. Magnetic North has only extremely rarely matched perfectly with geographical North, and all compasses, if accurate, have to be adjusted for magnetic declination - the relative difference in positions of geographical and magnetic north - with varying values across the world, depending on location. \n\nEdit: spelling","Yeah, anyone doing orienteering for hiking and whatnot has to know the local declination, which is always changing.","http://phys.org/news/2011-01-tampa-airport-runways-renumbered-due.html","Actually the adjustments to the runways are so that the numbers align with their magnetic heading... Not true north. Runway numbers designate the approximate magnetic heading that the runway faces. A runway designated as 27 is facing roughly magnetic heading 270. That means the reciprocal runway will be designated as runway 9, or heading 090.","What effect will this have on GPS satellites, or any satellites for that matter?","Side question:  Since the magnetic field of the earth is what shields us from the sun's radiation, when the magnetic polarity of the earth switches are we going to get bombarded by radiation until the switch finishes?  I'm imagining an apocalypse style scenario with cancer epidemics and altered weather patterns but I'm hoping I'm just ignorant to something.","In short: No. The magnetic field doesn't completely disappear during reversals, and anyway our atmosphere can protect us. Also there isn't any correlation between past reversals and mass extinctions.","Is the small increase enough to affect electrical grids?","Well, there have been power outages due to particularly powerful solar radiation, even _with_ our current magnetic field. Of course, this is very rare, but I imagine that if humanity finds itself in the middle of this reversal, they'd just have to be wary of these solar winds. Usually, they're not nearly powerful enough to even come close to doing any serious damage, and I believe this holds true during the reversal, since the magnetic field isn't gone _entirely_.\n\nAlso, the comment below pointed out the people living near the poles... They seem to be doing just fine.","Probably no worse than the people living close to the magnetic poles experience now, which is to say \"not much\".","When I was a wee lad, my father's best friend was a geologist who was also a serious fisherman and backwoods type. He taught me how to use my first compass, and somewhere during that lesson he told me that the poles would shift. He neglected to inform me that these shifts take thousands of years, if not millions.\n\nI was probably...8, maybe 9. I checked my compass every damned night for at least three years, hoping to be among the first to know when the poles switched.\n\nAnd when I admitted this years later, all the big people laughed at me.","[Relevant Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVgUZv9ccyQ). I do not know if it is accurate but is pretty interesting nonetheless.","This [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVgUZv9ccyQ) was released last week about the magnetic pole shift and the weakening of Earth's magnetic field.","[removed]","&gt;The weakening can allow more solar radiation through to the surface, and we'd be able to see the auroras even at low altitudes.\n\n&gt;Also we might be at the start of another magnetic reversal right now. The north pole is moving faster now (40 miles / year) than it was at the beginning of the 1900s (10 miles / year).\n\nWe saw the aurora borealis from my town earlier in the year, despite being in a coastal town in the north of the UK, where we should not be able to see it.\n\nHypothetically speaking, would the increase in solar radiation from a magnetic reversal cause an increase in the temperature of our planet's atmosphere? And if so, would this be a global phenomenon?","Thanks for providing sources on this. Super helpful. Is there any possibility that the increased solar radiation would cause our atmosphere to deteriorate? I thought this was what NASA theorized happened to Mars' atmosphere. Also what would be the effects on typical navigation instruments? And wouldn't satellites cease working due to the increased radiation? ","The field still retains a lot of its strength during these changes. As /u/tatu_huma mentioned, there is no correlation between mass extinction and pole reversals, and not much sign of it in the geological record other than the magnetic orientation preserved in igneous and some other rocks. This suggests the change doesn't have a significant effect on earth's troposphere, where we live and indeed early humans lived through the most recent pole reversal. \n\nMars is a much smaller planet than Earth in terms of volume, and it's surface-area to volume ratio is also larger. This means it lost its internal heat much more rapidly than Earth has. As Earth slowly cools, lost to space through infra-red radiation, with some internal heating due to radioactive decay, it's solid inner core grows, consuming more and more of the liquid outer core. As the field is generated by convection in the outer core, if it eventually freezes, we'll lose our magnetic field. As Mars is smaller, it's field has decayed much more rapidly than Earth's. If all convection in the outer core were to cease now, the remnant field would only last around 10,000 years. \n\nDuring a pole reversal, navigation equipment that functioned by using compass directions would be severely affected, as a new field orientation may not assert itself for up to 10,000 years, but it's possible satellites could survive, depending on how much the field weakens and the relative activity of the sun over this period. Even today, a particularly strong coronal mass ejection directed towards Earth could knock out satellites and have significant implications for power networks on Earth. ","Ah ok thanks for clarifying. I was concerned about a scenario in which compass-based navigation no longer works and which navigation based on satcom (like ADS-B) doesn't work either since our satellites get fried by increased exposure to solar radiation. But it sounds like that's a relatively low probability event from what you are saying. ","Navigation by looking at the sky is still possible. If you know the time of day, and can see the sun, you know in what direction you're heading. Alas, not a precise, but it will get you to most places. ","I know deep space probes like New Horizons use star-finders. Perhaps you'd have to use those on normal aircraft.","\"Take a slight right at the North Star, and continue for 1.5 miles. Your destination will be on the right.\"","In such an event we'd be able to build more resilient satellites (at greater cost) before the field weakened enough to cause any trouble.  Or, if you've got a world economy burning a hole in your pocket, [we could build our own field](http://www.nifs.ac.jp/report/NIFS-886.pdf).  Shockingly reasonable power requirements, at least.","A strong CME could also strip away our magnetic field, then atmosphere, and then scour the lithosphere.\n\nI believe we've seen this happen to an exoplanet before :(.","The only coronal mass ejections recorded for our Sun are vastly milder than what you have described.  There's no evidence for an event that scale from our sun in billions of years, so while it might remain astronomically possible on some stars, there isn't much of a risk for ours.","The other problem with mars is that the gravity is not strong enough to keep water and other gases in the atmosphere.  \n\nThe same way helium leaves our atmosphere once it's released, a lot of other things left mars ","It was the solar winds that degraded Mars's atmosphere over millions of years.","Doing the Lord's father's work.","So how does the whole 'pumping greenhouse gasses into Mars atmosphere so we can breathe' thing work if it's just going to get blown away at the next major solar wind event?","&gt; blown away at the next major solar wind event\n\nThat's not how it works. Solar wind is happening all the time.  It took the atmosphere of Mars thousands of years to be blown away, we could certainly produce it faster than that.","Hundreds of millions to billions of years, loss to solar wind just isn't a concern at all on human timescales.","blown away by solar wind happen in millions years, the proposed Mars terraforming is among other, setting off nuke to released trapped gas in surface solid.  (admittedly, I have no idea how they calculate how much gas there is on Mars sand.)","Not so well.  You have to talk to a different department about *that*, though.  I'll put you on hold.","&gt;Magnetic reversals happen every 200,000 to 300,000 years, but the last one happened 750,000 years ago.\n\nWhat's the reason behind the extended wait?","No it wont, genetic mutation can happen in one day the atmosphere melting off would take millions of years as it did with mars. ","I poo for the shoo","Mars lost its atmosphere mostly because it isn't massive enough to hold on to a thick one. The lack of a magnetosphere doesn't have a whole lot to do with it.","&gt;60% emails, 10% lab work, and 30% figuring out how to spend less money.  \n\nAh, so an engineer","What?","Is this because climate change is man made?","Why does it seem we are over due for stuff? Like a big asteroid hit or the yellow stone volcano erupting. ","\"Scientist\", is that what you Lab Techs call yourselves these days? Just remember, Safety First! ","Nope.  We call the lab techs \"Lab Techs.\" I suppose you're right...  if I were a 'real scientist' I would spend 90% of my work time writing grant proposals and 10% of my work time managing the techs... and 70% of my non-working time drinking.  Maybe I'm closer to an engineer... but that new product R&amp;D I get to perform on a semi-annual basis keeps my faith alive.  That... and the 70% of my time off inebriated (but it's i'm not sure if that is the scientist or the steel worker).","Union or non-Union?","Yes.","&gt; academic politics\n\nExactly why I quit science. I was very disillusioned by the amount and quality of the science done versus the amount of academic ass kissing one has to do to get anywhere in a university or institute.","My cousin is 40 years old with a bachelor's degree from NCSU, and he whole heartedly believes the universe is 6,000 years old. It's stunning. ","Just goes to show how people will believe what they want to.","Just because someone went to college and has a degree does not mean that they are intelligent. ","That's the thing. Otherwise, he's a smart and insightful fellow. ","Really? No effect on the Jetstream or ocean currents, despite fact that water is polarized? Close your eyes, people. This thread is going nowhere.","i believe these are more effected by the rotation of the earth and forces from the sun.","I just watched the movie 'the core' last night. My face when they were actually very accurate in that movie.","That movie was extremely inconsistent with science... even this is a lot different than what happened in the movie.","You can't just say \"my face when\" and not show a face. ","\"HURR DURR WUT IS SCIENCE, I MAEK POOPIE, THE CORE GOOD FOR POOPIE\"\n\nDon't eat movies.. ","I like your username","It would be instantaneous and doing so would cause a polarization of electronic devices. Basically GPS and satellites will be desync'd and our power lines won't function properly for a few days. ","Can you provide documentation as to the instantaneous nature of the shift? Most, is not all, other comments seem to concur that the shift takes decades or centuries.","It takes millennia and is progressive. This is why compasses from the 18th century are still functionally sound and you can still generally find north despite it being a millimeter or two off.\n\nSo long as the magnets haven't worn out!","That is because they've shifted twice. ","Coup.......wait....I see what you did there.","[relevant](http://imgur.com/S8HwVOC)","electrical currents would change direction, if it were instantaneous","Sure but do they learn it?  Many of my college educated friends could not believe the flowers in my backyard would turn into pumpkins, I was dumbfounded they didn't realize the squash blossoms we eat are where squash actually come from.  Pretty sure we learned cotyledons in 2nd grade.","Just like with anything else, those who apply themselves learn.  Those who do not, don't.  This concept certainly isn't beyond their comprehension.  ","That's awesome. SCIENCE!","No. That's just what they'd be expecting us to do","That wouldn't happen, Venus has an atmosphere that's more than a hundred times thicker than ours despite not having any geomagnetic field to speak of.  It has a very weak magnetic field, but that's generated by the interaction of the sun's radiation and the atmosphere itself.  Solar wind alone won't destroy an atmosphere.\n\nMars has no atmosphere at present time for a few reasons.  The largest is the simple fact that it's much smaller than Earth or Venus.  It's much easier for the solar wind to do damage there.  Next is the fact that it cooled quickly due to its small size.  Cooling didn't just shut down the magnetic dynamo, it also stopped all volcanic activity.  Active volcanoes inject gases into the atmosphere, offsetting solar wind losses.  The Earth loses more atmosphere each day than Mars does (mostly because we've got so much more to lose), but natural processes on and under the planet's surface manage to maintain an equilibrium.\n\nYou're also severely underestimating the amount of time these things take.  Even with everything it has going against it it's taken hundreds of millions or billions of years for Mars to go from a-bit-under-Earth pressure (we think) to the virtually nothing it has today.  Mars has been about the way it is today for the entire time that the human species has existed.  ","I snickered a little at your comment until I saw the graph","So, I've got a question. . .\n\nWhere IS the North Pole currently?","The magnetic north pole is currently above Canada, moving towards Russia. Here's a map of the the [magnetic north pole's movement](http://www.ngdc.noaa.gov/geomag/image/north_dip_poles.png). And here's one for the [magnetic south pole](http://www.ngdc.noaa.gov/geomag/image/south_dip_poles.png).\n\nThe yellow squares are actual records. The blue to yellow circles are modelled locations from 1590 to 2020.","I saw this on The Magic Schoolbus","[deleted]","We have accurate data going back to at least Tycho Brahe's time - around 1600. I don't know wtf is going on with that site, but it doesn't pass the bullshit test in the slightest.\n\nScientific data aside- it doesn't name any specific person giving the warning or information, or even where they're from specifically.","[deleted]","Any astronomer worth their salt would be able to verify that with ease. Hell, they'd probably notice without even trying because it would effect telescope tracking alignment and starcharts.\n\nIt wouldn't just effect the far northern hemisphere either. It would also mean longer colder winters.\n\nThe Earth's axis DOES wobble, and it's tracked and measured all the time. NASA wouldn't be surprised by it.\n\nThis article doesn't pass the smell test.","Learning and understanding are two different things:)","They asked me how well I understood theoretical physics. I said I had a theoretical degree in physics.","You all fall for it. I love it.","Man I keep trying but I just can't get into Fallout 3. I've heard people say NV is different though so maybe I'll give that a go.","Dude the differences between 3 and NV are night and day. First off: NV introduced weapon mods. Then you have: a better storyline. You can _choose_ who wins. You have much more content. 10/10 would recommend.","As long as you're done with NV and we're talking about video games, play SOMA which is a completely unrelated horror game (but not full-on horror in the way that Amnesia was). Thank me later.","We may need 3 graphs to explain that graph","What about all the animals that rely on magnetic fields for migration. ","Striations of metallic materials found in core samples...etc\n\nSimiliar to how they find fossils you can see in deep layers of rock the magnetic material curving through the layers.\n\nGeology teacher showed  us this in college..was pretty cool \n\nPolar shifts weakening geomagnetic can also cause temperature fluctions and those type events we are associating with global warming....since both are occuring...I have postulated most climate change fear mongering is further a push for resource control and to make money...cough carbon credits cough...\n\nWe humans have this belief we are the most destructive thing to our environment \n..when in reality\n...nature could easily wipe us out from natural occurances","Check out suspiciosobsevers.net for deets. This guy is rad and talks about space weather, the sun and is working on a correlation between the sun and earthquakes.","I’ve noticed some confusion in the thread on why the poles shift.  People should keep in mind when reading through these comments that there is a distinction between the geographic North Pole and magnetic North Pole.   Both are actually shifting.  I know OP specifically has asked about the magnetic shift, but for clarity I think it’s worthwhile to briefly discuss the geographic shift.\n\nThe Earth rotates around an axis in similar fashion to toy spinning top, with the locations where the axis intersect with the Earth’s surface being the geographical North &amp; South poles.\nAs the Earth actually wobbles somewhat on its axis, the North &amp; South Poles actually drift, using over a period of decades.  \n\nThe trend has generally been for the North Pole to be moving towards Canada, but within the last 15-20 years there has been a dramatic shift with the North Pole now moving towards the UK.  By dramatic, we’re talking ~10cm a year.  \n\nScientists recently published this news with a possible explanation that due to ice sheets in the Arctic and Antarctica melting, as well as aquifers being drained globally, the mass of these otherwise ‘stationary’ entities have been redistributed.  This is causing the planet to shift on its axis toward the place where the mass was ‘lost’, resulting in a change of location for the geographic poles.\n\nThis is very different and distinct from the shifting of the magnetic poles, which as described elsewhere occurs periodically over a much longer timeframe.  No idea how the geographic shifting affects the magnetic shift, or if it even does.  Anyone?\n","Serious question here, but could the geological shift cause global warming in the areas that have been shifted? Let me explain, I live in Canada and in high school science, we were taught that even though the earth is closer to the sun during the winter time for North America, because the earth wobbles, North America is now pointed more north, which means the suns rays are spread over a much larger area, (sort of like a flashlight being pointed directly at a basketball, or angled away from the ball. You can see how the beam covers a much larger area when angled.) If the geological shift is causing areas to be shifted more into the direct path of the suns rays, would these areas tend to increase in temperature, now that they are more directly inline with the sun?  \n\nSorry for my simplistic explanation, I'm not very good at explaining how I interpret things. ","it's an awesome game though, once you get tired of it I challenge you to play through killing the least amount of people possible and making as many tribes work together as possible. Just up your speech and charisma and see how manipulative you can be. It's a style that just doesn't work with any other game I've played, and is certainly the most interesting play through of new vegas I ever did.","Obsidian also produced star wars knights of the old republic 2, and I loved that game. I read tons of their developing style passed into nv as well","Mine was from /r/freegold, followed by 2 rickrollings.","Am I the only one who didn't retain everything I learned in high school? ","There've been quite a few dates this year where people claimed the auroras would be visible in northeastern US states like New Jersey and Pennsylvania. Is this normal? If not, could it be related, or is it just an independent anomaly?","The earth is shifting right now. Ask the inuits. The north pole is tilting towards the sun.","We actually (most likely) started to be in a shift IIRC about 50-60 years or so ago. The poles are moving quite fast right now, and we are overdue for a shift.","It's a timeline broken into a few different sections to fit on a page better. It starts at 0, which is the oldest date. Black parts are our magnetic orientation, white is reversed. We're in the gray question mark","He does sound a bit more succinct and knowledgable in his explanation but this is information you can learn in an introductory geology class. If you are lucky enough to be able to you should!","It's worth noting that oceanic rift magnetism is an idea taught in basic geologic majors classes.  For me it was in a course called geologic processes.  ","Or he took geology 1 in college","what would happen if a solar flare occurred when the field was weakened?","Why is it that every time some major reoccurring event in earth history is mentioned, they also seem to mention it's 'X' amount of years over due? Is it just confirmation bias or there something actually going on?","&gt; Magnetic reversals happen every 200,000 to 300,000 years, but the last one happened 750,000 years ago.\n\nHow do they know how often they happen? I mean, is that something they are just theorizing? If so, how do they account for the fact that this current reversal is 2.5x as long as the others?","You're spreading your seeds on runways.","thats alot of space to spooge on","Making sweet Karma and striking gold off of pigeons... thats what! [Woooo weeee!](http://image.shutterstock.com/z/stock-photo-cartoon-gold-prospector-vector-illustration-with-simple-gradients-all-in-a-single-layer-109810253.jpg)","Just thought I'd chime in, but there's a really good documentary on Netflix, that talks quite in depth about the science of the magnetic poles and how they switch. Can't remember the title of it off the top of my head.","To know what he knows, he's had to have studied geology. By saying \"I feel like your life is a bit more exciting than mine...\" I can say with confidence you have never studied geology. Geologists will lure you in with fossils, then once you've taken the bait, they will fill your head with words like tephra, and discordant rock; things you will never use outside of the world of geology, and just when you think \"surely, surely there must be something fascinating about rocks,\" you'll realize you can't get out anymore. You know about rocks and minerals now, and you have no one to talk about them to, because they all made the right choice and stayed away from geology, but that will just make you try to talk about them harder, and everyone will grow to hate you. They'll see you walking towards them in the halls, and they will take refuge in the nearest broom closet so they don't have to hear the same foliation joke for the 2,000^th time. Geology will crush your life. There aren't part-time geologists; you're either fucking in or your fucking out. STAY OUT.","The change would take place over 100s of generations and 1000s of migrations. Maybe some won't adapt. The ones that do survive.","This is the funniest comment I've read in months. I'm crying. Thank you. ","Iron particles in the dirt point in a different direction","watch [miracle planet](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miracle_Planet)","I read that as \"Giant cock\"\nShould still get the job done.","I laughed way too hard at that","Obligatory \"you made me LOL. Up vote\" comment ","Not obligatory.","Eat shit. Who died and made you the authority on Reddit Obligation? ","Steve Jones","Unidan.","Tru ","rip unidan nevar 4get","I couldn't if I tried. In his final moments in this world line, he gave me my first kiss, firmly implanting a memory of him in my hippocampus.","Which one? ","The one true... oh wait\n","/u/UnidanX never really managed to bounce back. ","Steve Jobs. ^^^Probably?","The core of earth is molten iron which is the reason we have moving magnetic field.\n\nwhat happen if it flips all of a sudden? Probably not much. Birds or migratory animals that depends on magnetic field may get confuse. I doubt atmospheric magnetic belt will do anything in the event of sudden flip except a lot of aurora.  And old school technology that depends on magnet like compass probably need adjustment. (publish new correction table)\n\nI cant think of anything else.","Paging /u/unidanx","Because the change takes a rather long time the birds should have time to adapt to it, though there will definitely be a few confused generations","If /u/tatu_huma is a geophysicist, they have my prayers.\n\nI hated that course.","The field would not change that much over the life span of a bird, so I would guess that the effect is not that large.","The field can change very, very quickly. Most changes are slow, gradual shifts, but it can also happen ridiculously quickly, we have records of it changing so fast watching a compass would be almost visibly notable. (On the scale of grass grow/paint dry, but still, that's super fast for a global magnetic shift.)","This is pretty simple earth science, if it interests you you should definitely look into it because it really is a very simple science to grasp.","When the poles flip, its north/south that are changing, not east/west, so well they might briefly fly down instead of up in the summer, I would imagine that you are correct, they would figure it out reasonably quickly. Since the process is slow (1000s of years) they would have some time to figure it out.","&gt;When the poles flip, its north/south that are changing, not east/west\n\nAs the end result, yes. But while it's changing over the course of many, many years, the pole will point at some large angle to earth's geographic north\n\n","Geologists do see a fair amount of excitement (and a lot of longass hours!). Wouldn't trade this job for anything.\n\nSource: Am geology grad student, have done some amazing field work, but am currently in office for the third weekend in a row working on a research proposal and dissertation.\n\nNinja edit: We live for lunch in the field, as it's an unspoken rule that you pick a lunch spot with the best view.","\"Probably\"","I learned about this in intro to geology class. ","and the other two?","Strong and weak nuclear forces","There's the strong force and weak force. The strong force is actually the strongest of the four, but acts at very small distances. It is responsible for holding the parts (called quarks) of protons and neutrons together so they don't fall apart. It is also what allows protons and neutrons to pack together in the nucleus (our experience with electromagnetism tells us that it should be really hard to keep a bunch of positively charged protons close together). The weak force comes into play with things like radioactive decay where we change between different types of quarks.","Unfortunately they don't always digest well.","Not a single one of them.","Isn't that what a volcano is to begin with until the pressure builds up enough to \"pop the cork?\"","Just put a giant piece of tape over the cork.","Fill it with gorilla glue.","So can't we just \"let out\" the pressure somewhere safe?","This is what people are saying about fracking. I personally don't buy it.","I think fracking is a diff context with a much narrower benefit. Here we are talking possible environmental damage too but to avoid the otherwise scientifically inevitable deaths of millions","Sooooo, bigger cork?","More glue. Maybe some bubblegum too.","No, a volcano is just a big cork, we need a giant one.","Well, yes, but the forces can act in conjunction. If for some reason the magnetic field repelled or attracted bodies on the Earth's surface (it doesn't to any significant degree), a decrease in the field would result in a perceived change in gravity.","I actually [wrote an article about this](http://itknowledgeexchange.techtarget.com/storage-disaster-recovery/preparing-for-your-next-disaster-the-suns-magnetic-flip/) a couple of years ago. ","No, you didn't. You wrote an article about the magnetic pole reversals of The Sun. ","wups, sorry, thanks!","Get humans to Mars today has been mine. \n\nWhere the hell is Matt Damon? ","Get your ass to Mars.","Matt is on Venus and we need to save him!","attack helicopter.","The more serious subs (like /r/askscience [^1](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/wiki/sources) or /r/AskHistorians [^2](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/wiki/rules#wiki_sources) ) strongly recommend sources/citations in top-level comments. It's refreshing compared to the rest of reddit - and lends a lot of credibility to answers!","Classic fearmongering of modern television....how else are they going to get ratings.","geology 101 unless he is in a cushy enviornmental job his life prolly ate it with oil","im an average joe, but i remember seeing a gig about this on the discovery channel yeaaars ago (when it was the discovery channel, basically)","One is","It's just geology.","So they would migrate the wrong way if it happened overnight?","Maybe but maybe not.  Remember they use a lot of other signals as well, including landmarks, the sun, and even stars.  They might just disregard the magnetic field if it disagreed with their other senses.","No, solar panels are tuned to a specific UV frequency, the magnetic field around earth doesn't affect that.","Yes it would. A weaker magnetic field would mean a greater amount of available electromagnetic waves across all frequencies get through without being diffused/deflected/etc, which would mean more available photons to use for our solar cells.\nShort circuit current is proportional to light intensity. An increase in current would lead to an increase in Max power point, which mean solar cells would output more power.","Learning cool facts is generally less exciting than you might think. Reading books is fun and cool, but \"exciting\" is generally not the term people use.","Well climate change *does* 'just happen', it just also happens due to human causes too.","We can have Earth as a really big lava champagne bottle for when we celebrate conquering the galaxy","A giant block of ice to cork it.  That'll work.  \n/r/shittyaskscience  ","nice try Donald.","I've got the best magnetic fields money can buy. I know highly-magnetized circulating iron, and take it from me - this is really the best. ","I don't think that's a fair statement. This is a legitimate question, it's fine if you believe strongly in scientific findings such as climate change but you should be confident enough in your beliefs that they can stand up to legitimate questions like this. Personally I'd like to hear why this isn't a factor in the undeniable climate change we've been experiencing.","I don't think I can give you a definite reason for why it isn't a factor. But I can tell you there is little to none correlation between magnetic shifts and mass extinctions. Thus, it probably doesn't affect the climate in any significant way.","You don't have to prove anything to *me* per se, as I am not a climate change denier. But when doubters ask questions, it strengthens the argument when those questions can be answered, no matter how silly the question is. Many doubters doubt for a personal factor (just like evolution deniers), but in /r/atheism you'll see many people swayed to believe evolution due to the strong argument it puts out. I think climate change should be examined in a similar way evolution was, as the more it can prove itself the stronger its case will be and the better it can convince doubters.","I would like to hear why the British spell it \"aluminium\" and the Americans spell it \"aluminum\"... and why exactly this doesn't have any effect on the undeniable climate change we are experiencing.","Clearly the difference is a factor in climate change. The American (correct) way has 4 syllable while the British way contains 5. More syllables = more CO2 = climate change. Get it together England, you're destroying the \"O\" zone.","I am an American metals chemist...  and I say \"aluminum\" but I don't really know why. Just look at all the other metals that end in -ium.  Lanthanum, molybdenum, platinum, and tantalum are the only ones that don't...  and they're pronounced the same in the US as in Europe.  WHY ALUMINUM?!  There are like 75 elements that end in -ium (more if you count the 'unnamed' elements like ununpentium).  \n\nSorry for the rant. ","I know you are being facetious, and I know people don't like having their beliefs questioned. But it is one of the biggest corner stones of science, that it be able to prove itself to be true under a variety of tests. Sorry if that makes you uncomfortable, but your discomfort makes it no less true.","How dare you!?! I'm not being facetious!  I'm questioning why 1 thing unrelated to another might have an affect on it!  I am performing SCIENCE!\n\nJust the other day I wrote a grant proposal to investigate whether the force of gravity is related to mass and/or distance.  And guess what.  It was rejected!  Those idiots are stifling science!  I can't believe they wouldn't want to know the answer to that.\n\nLook.  In all seriousness... you don't seem to understand science.  One of the corner stones [sic] of science is NOT being able to prove itself true.  If you want proof, you can find it in mathematics and (arguably) in the legal system.  You won't find it in science.  Science doesn't ~~set out to~~ prove anything.\n\nAs to your question regarding whether a shift has anything to do with the climate change we have been seeing over the last ~100 years?  I would point you to Arthur Eddington and his work on the arrow of time.","I'm not even sure if you're joking, trying to troll, or are just really stupid at this point. Remember the scientific method? It's just this small process that is *the back bone^^1 of all science*.\n\n1. Observe: climate is becoming more extreme\n\n2. Question what you observe: what is causing this?\n\n3. Hypothesis: perhaps the magnetic field has some influence over weather patterns\n\n**4. Develop testable predictions**: (whatever fits this person's thought process)\n\n**5. Gather data to test predictions**: (whatever this person thinks will prove their idea to be true)\n\nIf it works, you got yourself a theory. If not, you go back and tweak it or reject the idea.\n\nTL DR All science is testable. That's the point. Once you start taking science classes in high school you'll learn all about it.\n\nEdited because I didn't capitalise a word, and I know these sorts of things really bother you.\n\n^1 [sic]","&gt; 5. Gather data to test predictions: (whatever this person thinks will prove their idea to be true)\n\nReally?  You selectively gather data that will prove your hypothesis true? \n\nYou're a moron.  This is absolutely not science.  You do not go into a project and cherry pick data.  You're attitude is precisely what is wrong with research today.  When you take your 300 level courses, you should realize this.  When you take your 600 level (ha! riiiight... you'll be taking these) you'll realize how abjectly ignorant that statement is.\n\nWhat you're describing as \"science\" is what we call, at best \"p value fishing\" and at worst \"fraud.\"\n\nAnd what I posted in jest WAS EXACTLY what you described.  Testable hypotheses.  The fact that they were absurd was the point. Not all testable hypotheses deserve testing.  Because they're absurd. \n\nEdit-  and... repeat after me-  \"Science cannot prove anything.  Science can only disprove something.  Once you have disproved all plausible alternatives and have repeatedly tested the hypothesis, then you have a theory.\"\n\nEdit 2- ignore the number, reddit formatting doesn't like quoting lists.","&gt;Really? You selectively gather data that will prove your hypothesis true?\n\nObviously not.\n\nLook, I schooled you and now you're picking apart my semantics and moving goal posts about where exactly I've got it all wrong. I'm not concerned about disproving every little nit pick just to satisfy some guy on the inter net. Good luck on finding your next inter net argument though.","Pretending like you're right when you're clearly wrong doesn't make you right. Until you understand the fundamentals of science, you should probably not pretend like you're a master of science.","&gt; 4. Develop testable predictions: (whatever fits this person's thought process)\n&gt; \n&gt; \n&gt; \n&gt; 5. Gather data to test predictions: (whatever this person thinks will prove their idea to be true)\n\nHere's your problem.  You think \"proof\" is a real thing in science.  Until you get over that, your opinion is worthless.","Would a reduced magnetic field increase the rate of DNA mutations and could previous shifts be partly responsible for some aspects of evolution?","Is there any evidence that it effects stuff like the amount of ice at the poles?","Space.....the final frontier ","He's a jerk. James specifically. ","https://youtu.be/REu42u2ApTQ?t=26s","[Close](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=QEJ9HrZq7Ro), it's remembering the 'h'  and where to put it that trips me up. ","😂😂😂😂 where did you find *THAT*?!?  ","My parents introduced me to him when I was younger. He does a great song about the [Elements](https://youtube.com/watch?v=AcS3NOQnsQM). That ones been updated a bit over the years. ","However scientists believe there is not enough magma in the chamber for another major eruption. ","I too like chasing, but i chase ladies. Is there a job openning for me?","Prison guard at a female prison?","Y'know, I have always struggled to make out that line. \"Feel him\" never sounded right but it's what I always thought I heard.\n\nThanks for the correction.\n\nEdit: Now I'm not sure. \n\nhttp://youtu.be/n0CmqdivcaY","Do you really want to hurt me?\n\nDo you really want to make me cry?","Study geology. You'll get all the kicks. ","So we're very overdo?","I don't know enough about reversals to be confidently able to say that we are 'overdue'. I'm not even sure if that's a thing for reversals. \n\nSomething slightly related though:\n\nThe 200,000 to 300,000 year cycle has emerged in the past 20 million years. When the dinosaurs were around, reversals were less common - happening about every million years.","There's such a wide variation by several orders of magnitude even within the last 20 million years that calling it a \"cycle\" is a bit misleading.  They're pretty random in duration.","can i ask what you do for a living?","Can't really be predicted. The source of magnet is the movement of liquid iron core of earth.  Unless you know how to model them, slim chance you can predict how the magnetic field shape will emerge.\n\nIt's like sun's solar storm, which is partially caused by movement of fusion material/magnetic field on sun core and surface.  Unless one has a model of how fusion material move, the magnetic field detail is impossible to know.  ","what about the affect on whales or other marine species? ","I would expect it to be the same as with birds.","I would imagine it would be different since they are vastly different species in different environments with different factors informing/affecting their traveling. ","How about turtles? They navigate by the sun, the poles and recognition of they're surroundings. ","I'm batman","Yellowstone erupts every 600,000 years. Last eruption was 640,000 years ago. When it erupts, it will release enough magma to cover the entire United States in 5 inches of lava. And all of North America will very quickly be blocked from the sun. Luckily for us Canadians, we've adapted to the cold temperatures everyone would experience. Although I think it would be quite warm in the western States for a moment or two.","Umm... no.  The Yellowstone volcano blowing its top would not be an ELI.  At most it will make the planet a bit cooler, but not for long because there are abnormally low levels of sulfur in the magma.  \nThe ash will spread out as it falls and only the area within a 400 to 500 mile radius of Yellowstone will receive even more than an inch or two of ash.  The only reason places like New York, Victoria or LA would even know of the eruption is because the blast would rattle windows and after a few hours the ash cloud would be visible.\n\nThe only animals I can possible see going extinct from this even would be the american bison.  That would only happen because almost all of the bison are hybrids with domestic cattle and cannot rightly be called bison except for those that live in Yellowstone and a large area in the Wyoming - Montana border. \n\nhttp://volcanoes.usgs.gov/volcanoes/yellowstone/faqs_misconceptions.html\n\nEdit: Included USGS link","So we could solve global warming by causing Yellowstone to erupt! Let's get to it!","The end of the world will begin as the gentlest of breezes...","I believe you meant to say 5 inches of ash instead of lava. ","With an eruption of that magnitude, it's more likely to be 5 inches of poop","I can't read \"of that magnitude\" without it being in Admiral Ackbars voice.","Why are you making stuff up?","Oh... GOOD.","There is *estimated* to be too little magma to allow another supereruption.","Decimate means remove 10%, that would be *very* optimistic. Not saying you can't use the word liberally, people rarely actually mean it literally, just pointing out how absurd of an impact Yellowstone will have. We'd have to invent a new word, like triquadrimate or or something.\n\nedit: I'm reading elsewhere that I may have believed some rather extreme exaggerations, but I still like triquadrimate so I'm leaving it.","dec·i·mate\nˈdesəˌmāt/Submit\nverb\n1.\nkill, destroy, or remove a large percentage or part of.\n\nI understand the whole decimal thing, but it also means mass destruction. ","Ya, sorry, that's the way I use the word typically , too. I just meant that originally, I believe, it was coined to specifically mean removing one tenth and now the connotation has changed to be less precise. Wasn't trying to correct your usage, just thought I'd mention the original definition","No worries. I understand where you were coming from. It is accurate in both senses, and I can see why it would be confused.","Yeah, I live far enough away where it won't destroy my house but it will kill all the grass.  ","Problem is, there is no 'fossils' of human civilizations to study along side of these fossils from past flips to study.","Ok...that is a big exaggeration. Everything I look up quotes about 90,000 people instantly being killed. It also states that it will 2000 times stronger than Mt. Helena (which is massive!) however even with all the after affects how on earth would this 'decimate' a large portion of the human population? ","The last supervolcano to erupt dropped the global temperature by 21°.  Imagine the impact that would have on crops.","I really don't know tbh but nothing I read doing a quick search on google showed anything remotely to as bad as what you mentioned...however it was a quick google search. I'll be sure to look at some other sources when I have time unless you have any handy!","Put some respeck on it","But what would happen?","Power surges","You'd think so, but they actually serve as pretty effective bee repellents. They're strongly implicated in Colony Collapse Disorder. They had to start putting them into computers after bees began building hives inside computer cases, hence the term \"bug\" for computer issues.","It feels like we exist in this unlikely gap between all kinds of natural disasters that should have statistically hit us by now.  Do we live in the calm before the storm?","I'm not, I wish it would have erupted just before humans roame  the earth. That would buy us an extra 500,000 years or so. Being past due means it could happen today or 100,000 years from now.","I wonder if the fact that it's been so long since there was one has helped the evolution of man","effected*","Why would magnetic poles not shifting for a long time cause humans to evolve? And why are you correcting someone’s question to a different question?","*Affected. ","nah he just watched that modern marvels special on magnetism","KAKAAW!! TO BE A BIRDMAN IS TO BECOME ENLIGHTENED AND LET THE ALL-FATHER INTO YOYR HEART!!! KAKAAW KAKAAW!!\n\nR/ENLIGHTENEDBIRDMEN ","Do you know why these geomagnetic reversals happen? ","Are you a pigeon?","Yes I'm the first english speaking pigeon, though not the last","I, for one, welcome our new avian overlords. \n\n","hey its me, ur pigeon","Wanna go bowling?","Along electrical lines?","Don't they train dogs to do that these days?","They do but it depends on who wants it more.","Ops vehicle?","A Tiburon.","Does it help that you probably wouldn't be around that for long?\n","Eh sorta.  ","You'd have to be certain that the rock didn't rotate at all after it was formed. Surface boulders couldn't work. Even the tectonic plates can get distorted. While I'm sure it's possible to use other types of rock, the ocean floor (near the ridge) is probably the best rock.","Will the earth spin the other way when a pole shift happens?","This may not be the best way to measure since the rocks may have been deformed in some way, causing their positions to shift.","Does an increased exposure to solar radiation manifest itself as global warming, too? ","So if it's every 200k to 300k years, why has it been 750k years since the last one?","The thing is surges are created in a cable.\n\n(Like electricity generation stuff)\n\nSo its possible that the wiring in your house would create surges too.\n\n(See EMP - A lot of has been written about it. Not saying that CME are exactly like EMP... but there would be some similarities I think)","When I was at the beach late at night and a storm was approaching, my friends and family were taking their sweet time to finish so we could leave. There were a lot of seagulls, and I had a lot of chips I didn't care for.\n\nI started throwing food at the seagulls, and there were at least 30 seagulls all around me, slowly creeping up to me as they waited for more chips. I threw more and more, as more and more came.\n\nI was running out of chips, but not running out of time - my friends and family were still taking their sweet time.\n\nAs I slowly ran out of chips, I turned towards the crowd of people who were laughing and watching me with a million seagulls. There was a bit of desperation.\n\nSo many seagulls, but so little chips.\n\nWhen I ran outta chips I ran like hell, as I did not want to be their new chip.\n\nThey followed. \n\nThen my brother came along and ran towards them, freeing me of my chip obligation as they flew away quickly.","Are the two connected possibly? I live near a huge fault line that's way overdue for something catastrophic as well. And I read something probably meaningless that said if that super volcano erupts then it would cause that fault line to shift as well","The pressure wave from such a large volcano should easily be large enough to shift a fault that is overdue for an earthquake. But other than that I can't see why the two would be related","Let’s say it’s raining outside, and you hold out your tongue to catch the rain drops. You catch a few, say 1 every second or so, but a gust of wind blows hard and you don’t catch any rain for a while until it goes away. Now you don’t know when the wind will blow again but you can still catch rain every second until it does. ","I agree with that, but that gust of wind would still impact your understanding of how often an event occurs, and you could no longer say that a drop hits your tongue every second.","Without wind, you catch a drop every second. With wind, you catch no drops. Approximately 75% of the time, there is no wind. On average, you catch 0.75 drops per second, or one drop every 1.3 seconds. A gust of wind comes by and blows for 5 seconds straight. You are now 3.7 seconds overdue for the next drop, which is nearly 3 times the expected interval. It's practically a drought on your tongue. \n\nThe timeline is about *averages*. If the last 4 lengths of time between reversals is 250,000, 350,000, 700,000, and 100,000 years, the average is 350,000 years. The 700k gap was twice the expected interval, but still perfectly normal because there is no actual schedule\n\nEdit: look at this timeline posted below. Black parts are when the poles match our current arrangement, white is flipped. Look at the huge black bar in the middle that is many times larger than the gray question marked are we're in now\n\nhttps://www.researchgate.net/profile/Nils_Olsen/publication/225879189/figure/fig6/AS:302655894245381@1449170196763/Fig-13-Geomagnetic-polarity-timescale-from-marine-magnetic-anomalies-for-0-160-Ma-after.png","Along electrical lines",".","Even fine sediment can record the orientation of the magnetic field.  The sea floor spreading centers are good to use because they are laid out like an ocean wide ribbon and they spread at a relatively constant rate, so they come with a built in calibration system. ","Do you get to use bottle rockets?","Only on the section of airport that strangely remains part of a local Indian reservation. Everywhere else it's gumption and wits and old bread, old bread being the lifeblood of the industry.","Wow, here the maintenance dude shoots them and eats them.","Pigeon gravy is wonderful if prepared correctly. The meat is a bit chewy and gamey.","That sounds cool. Do you use an umbrella ala Sean Connery in the Last Crusade?","That's exactly why I got into this hobby.","so does the north/south pole move around the earth over 1-10k years?  How would this affect animals that navigate via magnetic field such as birds, worms, etc?","Correct. The pole moves all the time. Currently the magnetic north pole is in the Arctic ocean, but it was in Northern Canada for a while. This has occurred over about 100 years. Currently it is moving north (towards the spin axis/pole). The pole has major excursions every 1000 years or so.\nhttps://www.wpclipart.com/geography/Earth/pole/magnetic_north_pole_movement.png\n\nAnd the second question: Probably? It happens over a long enough period of time, and its happened before, so its likely they'll adjust.","Magnetic reversals aren't really that regular, though. This is a pretty averaged number, although I'm not sure how much of Earth's history is taken into account. Might be based more on the fairly recent reversal pattern.\n\nAn extreme example of a disruption in the magnetic reversal pattern is the [Cretaceous Quiet Zone](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geomagnetic_reversal#Superchrons). No reversals for ~40 million years, and you can see the frequency changes before and after while it departs from and re-enters more normal reversal frequencies.","How could we possibly have gotten an average down to 200-300K after a streach like 40 million years? \n\nDid it happen every other day for a few years or something?","That I'm less familiar with, to be honest. I suspect the average reversal rate is based on the more recent reversals (e.g. Miocene or maybe even Oligocene to modern times). If you look at the magnetic reversal chart in the section of the Wikipedia article I linked, you'll see that those are a little more regular and generally fit the 200-300 kyr cycle.","So likely then that the 40m stretch was just discarded as an outlier ","Possibly, for purposes of the current reversal rate. It would definitely skew the average, as would others. I haven't ever sat down and calculated this myself, which maybe I'll go do after I get off of Reddit and finish this proposal I'm working on.\n\nThe Cretaceous Quiet Zone isn't what I'd call a true outlier, though. There are some older superchrons that are observed in continental rocks (not plotted on the timescale; that's the continuous seafloor record, which only goes back to the Jurassic). They're definitely part of an internal Earth cycle, and it's probable that there will be at least another in Earth's future, and ultimately a permanent one once the planet has cooled enough that the dynamo shuts down and with it, the magnetic field.\n\nYou might ask what causes these superchrons/quiet zones. The answer is still that we have no idea. I'll leave that one to the geodynamicists - geodynamo modeling is an extremely active area of research, and this is one of the big questions they're trying to answer.","Please no quadrupole terms, please.","we must go deeper.","Are all volcanic rock er.. sensitive to magnetism?","Anything with iron in it, yes... So ultramafic/mafic rocks are the best but even felsics have trace iron in them at very least...","I think I know what I am doing when this shift finishes, melted cheese heaven! ","So your the one that scared the shit out of me one day firing a shot gun on the taxi way ","Would it be possible that this is causing global warming or no?","Unlikely. If reversals affected climate, then we should have seen correlation between glacial activity and reversals. ","Would really screw with the Boy Scouts.","I'm pretty sure the last reversal took place within 100 years.","No","Where did you get... literally any of that out of the comment above?","I believe...  I replied to the wrong comment in the thread. ","Try harder next time, comrade!","I don't know what you're talking about, are you responding to the correct comment? ","do you have any articles on this multi-pole thing? I'd love to read more about it","Wow!\n\nThis is why I love science, like who thought to do that in the first place?\n\nGreat factoid","But...how do we know what's backwards?","Convention.","As the other guy said, convention. Way back when days were old and knights were bold; some smart guy decided that the end of a bar magnet (the earth is essentially a giant bar magnet) that the magic energy stuff went into was the south pole, and the end the energy left from, the north pole. Currently in our earth, the energy leaves our \"south\" pole and goes in the \"north\" pole.","Ah, that makes sense! Thanks!","Korra opened both spirit portals at the end of the last Harmonic Convergence.","The theory is that there's a convection system in the outer core that acts as a sort of dynamo that works to regulate the magnetic field.\n\nSource: comment right about this.","Porn surges. (FTFY)","How fast is the mantle moving?","Slowly.  It is hard to come up with estimates because it is so difficult to access information about the mantle, but it should be comparable to the motion of the plates on the surface, so probably centimetres per year (modern plate motions are max ~15cm/yr and usually less than 10cm/yr).  Thus it might take tens of millions of years to 100 million for something to sink to the bottom of the mantle or rise from the core-mantle boundary.","And that slow motion mantle can still generate the earth's magnetic field?? Crazy!","Not really, it's the Earths core that generates the magnetic field. ","The outer core is liquid, so it might move faster than the mantle, which is solid.  I'm not sure what actual data exists on the rate of motion in the core, though.","Run, you pigeons. It's Robert Frost.","\"Hey Frosty!!! Ya want some snow?!? MAN?!?\"","fuck you that was good"," http://i.imgur.com/y0uAHfB.jpg ","As someone who used to fly weekly for work, thank you.  Thank you, thank you, thank you.\n\nA bird strikes on take-off or landing is one of my biggest fears, and US1549 didn't help.","Please I ask you to read more thoroughly my commenting in this thread. I'm not deserving of your thanks. It should become apparent fairly quickly as you scroll downward.","Good observation. Now let's wait for someone smarter than me to elaborate.","Why do people say this all the time? Just because someone is more knowledgeable about something than you doesn't make them smarter. ","Seems the general scientific consensus is \"Yea, that's pretty fuckin' weird, innit?\"","So it's not a smart thing to say? Well, isn't he right then? ;)","knowledgeable is not the same as smart.\n\nSmart is a car.","Wow...that's pretty scary. What are the chances of one happening? \n\n","Supposedly they happen all the time but they miss the earth (being ejected from the sun in a random direction).","Thanks for that ray of hope.\n\n^^^^^^^^^^^see what I did there?","There was actually one in 2012 i think that kinda narrowly (in space terms) missed earth. Can't link because mobile,  but shouldn't be hard to find if I remember the year correctly.\n","Very very rare, I'm not an astronomer so I don't know too much about them. As far as I know it's impossible to predict when a massive one will hit Earth. ","CMEs happen all the time actually. There can be multiple per day during the height of the Sun's activity cycle. However, Earth is actually really tiny in comparison to the size of the solar system so we don't get hit directly that often. When we do, the Earth's magnetic field takes the brunt of the impact. They also can vary quite a bit in size with most not even noticeable on the ground aside from brighter Auroras.\n\nAs far as prediction, we can see them coming and they take a couple days to reach us from the sun. We can also monitor the sun's activity cycle and know when we're more likely to have them occur.","Do CMEs tend to orient to the orbital plane of the solar system or do they go off equally in every direction from the sun? Or do we even have enough data to know? ","I think they tend to erupt from the Sun's equatorial area, but not limited too it. ","I read that as \"penguins\" at first.  I loved the hilarious imagery!","Dodging airplanes sounds fun!\n","Hey! My professor taught me this last semester in an evolution class. And I forgot most of it already.","The study of paleomagnetism","Does this mean when the shift is complete, the sun would rise from the west?","&gt; we'd be able to see the auroras even at low latitudes\n\nI don't even care if the field did weaken enough to allow solar radiation to penetrate to the surface and cause massive mutations...\n\nit'd be worth it.","Airport Ops?","Oh this is spare time pigeon chasery. I'm not involved professionally with a stuffy old airport.","Haha ok well keep up the good work. Birds suck at airports. ","Your computer would not be harmed by the surges. The only thing that could be damaged is things in the middle of very long lengths of cable. Your computer is on the end of a cable and thus wouldn't see or feel anything.","That's good to know, I've spent a lot of time and some money to get my pc to where it is now.","Yeah, but if the system is knocked out, your PC might be useless.\n","My geology professor told me of stories in mines where they've dug so deep that the rock is fluid enough to fill back in before they can add support. Is this is kind of what your talking about?","Not if there are humans working in that mine. There isn't a protective suit in existence that can keep a human alive in contact with anything close to the mantle temperatures. You'd turn back due to the inability to do anything useful in the area long before you reached that point. My guess is that rock wasn't actually rock and was actually the outer edge of an aquifer and might have been clay that was in the process of being compressed into shale. Very weird stuff but it definitely wasn't molten.\n\nWhat I'm referring to is that if you managed to dig to the actual mantle (without the tunnel collapsing), you have just **created a volcano**. That stuff is under some insane pressure and if you get to the fully liquid part with an open path to the surface the minute your drill passed liquid rock it'd start pushing its way out very quickly. Though I guess it depends on what kind of drill you're imagining but I don't think a shaft-based drill with the shaft creating a seal against the walls would be able to avoid twisting itself into a spiral at that length so it'd have to be independent and robotic ( http://aqwwiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/robotic-drill-bot/RoboticDrillBot.png ), leaving an empty tunnel behind it. The result would be the mantle coming up to meet you very quickly.","The mantle isn't made of liquid. It's a small note on this, but very important in fields like seismology where seismic waves cannot propagate through a liquid, but are very happy to do so through the mantle. While a solid, it's at a high enough homologous temperature (T/Tmelting) to very slowly 'flow' under creep mechanisms. It still retains order within individual crystal grains, though dislocations can move through them, and isn't molten (well, it *might* be melting at a very great depth around the upper-lower mantle boundary and even at the core-mantle boundary, but we aren't really sure). That said, if the mantle is exposed to low enough pressure, it will melt not because of heat but because of the decreased pressure itself. This is what occurs under mid-ocean ridges, for example. I don't know for sure if the pressure at the bottom of such a deep borehole would be great enough to prevent melting from occuring. ","Good point. You wouldnt hit liquid in the sense that you'd drill into it and sink but the borehole should create an area of extremely low pressure equal to a few atmospheres compared to thousands of them for the part of the mantle with rock above it, the drop in pressure from an open hole would allow the part of the mantle that entered the hole to liquify and the mantle would force the now liquid mantle up and out of the hole with new mantle constantly replacing the old.\n\nI don't think it's accurate to say the mantle would melt due to pressure alone though. Igneous rock is proof that mantle material like practically everything else, changes state based on a combination of temperatures and pressures and the two are interchangeable within certain bounds (both have a floor, vacuum and absolute 0).","40 miles per year and it takes approx 1000 to 10000 years to flip the poles doesn't add up. Are we already well into the cycle or can you explain further?","The poles don't *just* move during a reversal event. They are constantly moving. The increase in the speed of pole movement in the past 100 years can just be a natural fluctuation. 100 years isn't long enough at a geological scale of time to say that we are in a reversal. Also, magnetic reversals are especially irregular in their occurence. It usually takes 1000s of years from the beginning to the end of a reversal event, but the last one *might* have happened at the scale of a human lifespan. The past 20 million years show a general trend of one occuring around 300,000 years, but during the Cretaceous there was many millions of years without a reversal.","Learning this fact was one of my woahdude moments in my understanding of the way the earth works.  It ties many things together so tidily.","I do know of one worker who has, for the past 6 years or so, explained the Late Guadalupian mass extinction by correlating the [Illawarra reversal during the mid-Permian to Superplume activity and subsequent albedo changes to runaway glaciation and cooling.](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S136791200900131X)","Exactly right. Another interesting note is that it's theorized and been studied that some ocean species utilize these alternating magnetic pole sections to orient themselves within the ocean.","[deleted]","Magnetic north and geographical north are different things. The north pole is not the same location as magnetic north. So no, old maps are still right.","Hilarious anecdote to this point: a coworker of mine once told a customer that he \"heard the north pole was shifting South, so that's probably why it was so cold so late in the year.\" He's not a smart man ","The maps are still right, but even the axial pole is shifting.\n\nhttp://www.scientificamerican.com/article/earth-is-tipping-because-of-climate-change1/","Awesome info, thanks.\n","IIRC, one happened in late 1800s and there were fires and things. One missed us a few years ago, if it hit, the whole society would die because everything that relies on electricity (99% of things) would stop functioning or catch fire.","Well, according to some people the initial conditions are just direct acts of God at t = -6,000 Earth years.","Are there any alternate theories for the lava patterns? Even wacky ones, IDC.","Whoa, wait. So what is the difference between a shift and a reversal? If they are different, then I would like to know what the effects of a reversal would be, and how long it might take to occur...","The shifting is the gradual change in location of the magnetic north and south poles relative to the geological north pole and complicated by our planet being on an axis. They will move towards each other culminating in a reversal. The reversal is when north becomes south and vice versa. ","So basically power surges along electrical lines during Coronal Mass Ejections","Sort of, the magnetic field associated with a massive CME could induce current in transmission lines, based on the same principals we use to generate power. Given the right, but rare, conditions the induced current would cause a relatively short lived but extremely powerful surge, spiking the power level way over what transformers, regulators, generators etc. are designed to handle","&gt;would cause a relatively short lived but extremely powerful surge\n\nSo a power surge. And a big one. But a power surge. \n\n&gt;spiking the power level way over what transformers, regulators, generators etc. \n\nSounds like electrical lines to me in layman terms!\n\nBut when would this happen? \n\n&gt;with a massive CME\n\nDuring Coronal Mass Ejections, got it!","Not just that, but while we *think* we know the internal conditions from seismic tomography, though with some still very significant errors, it's those initial conditions that mean solving the magnetohydrodynamics equations would be difficult. We can approximate them to allow them to be modelled more easily, but they're still a good way off actual core conditions. ","Supercomputers require something to compute.  Data is constructed and acted on bit by bit and each change determines which new bit is going to be used.  In order to do this, one has to understand the problem well enough to build a model that is TRUE.  As an example, suppose I want to 'model' the relationship between Energy and Speed of Light and Mass.  We have an equation, E=mc^2.  Now, if I didn't understand the model too well I might have the equation E=m(c-1)^2.  By the time the supercomputer made a few million calculations the value of the E would deviate somewhat from the True value.\n\nIf the computer model doesn't fit the TRUE Model, the output won't be very useful.  Consider the situation where you have 50 variables, each of which probably  affects the other variables and thus the outcome.....Supercomputers are only as useful as the model used fits the real problem.","How the fuck did we get from realising that we can use sticks as tools to this?","It's not clear if this is a job or just a hobby.","It is neither. It is a job for some people, it is a hobby for none. I am a carpenter and a carpenter only... at the moment. I dropped a single comment, then attempted to ease into the truth with humour. Of course many comments were buried. I've been trying to explain for some time as I'm not a liar by nature at all. I just like people.to laugh is all.","[Psh... even a dog could do your job.](http://abcnews.go.com/Lifestyle/meet-piper-airport-wildlife-control-dog-runways-safe/story?id=37286003)","It isn't my job, it's a passtime. I likes me classic novels, and I likes me pigeons chased.","Santa must have a mobile operation going then.","I remember watching a documentary where they through various scientific means discovered that the shift may complete in a much shorter period such as 50 years. I don't remember the name of the documentary but a short google search revealed some other [source](http://earthsky.org/earth/earths-magnetic-field-could-flip-within-a-human-lifetime).","NOVA did a special on this explaining everything that could happen it was awesome","I'm curious as to how it will effect technology, anybody have insight on that?","The first sentence was all I needed, thanks. ","It's messier than regular fluid dynamics.  It's [magnetohydrodynamics](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magnetohydrodynamics).  The magnetic field modifies the flow, and the flow modifies the magnetic field.  It's fiendishly tricky.  And as others have mentioned, the information available on the conditions in the core is limited.\n\nIt [can be done, though](http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v401/n6756/full/401885a0.html).","Though Glatzmaiar et al. were the first to create a self-sustaining dynamo that also had the bonus of generating spontaneous reversals, they used constants for core conditions that fell significantly short of the actual conditions. This was to speed up computer processing time, and they're getting towards the sort of values we'd like to be able to calculate, but without getting a lot closer I don't think we should rely to heavily on that model. It's a great milestone, though. ","Yes, there are more recent papers and there's still penty of controversy about the parameters for input.  It's still a good demonstration of what is possible with a lot of effort.  I seem to remember reading somewhere that Glatzmaier et al. were using a couple of days of supercomputer time for each run back then.  I imagine more recent simulations push the practical limits too.","This is my favorite science fact, learned it in middle school and never forgot it.","Qork qork I am a duck not a pigeon please give me breadcrumbs ((' v '))","would the increase in solar radiation also cause an increase in temperature on earth?","Microwave a cold pizza for thirty seconds on high. Then do it on low. There's the difference. More radiation=more energy.","does that mean GPS will be down? what about internet?!","So would compasses be affected? Would they suddenly point south?","I'm actually really proud that I remember learning this in 10th grade bio.","Magnetohydrodynamics is hard. You have to simultaneously solve the Navier–Stokes equations for fluid dynamics (still not proven to be possible in the general sense) and Maxwell's equations for the electromagnetic part.","Reality is a well known and difficult constraint.","Do you know if you really need to solve the full compressible Navier-Stokes equations here?","Don't, sorry.","I learned something new nevertheless, thanks!","I read comments like this, and it reminds me there are some really smart motherfuckers out there always trying to think outside the box. It gives me hope for our species. ","But the answer is yes for me. :(","See, it just isn't happening.","Who the fuck thinks of something like this?","His platform was polarizing","Think about it: How would reveral of the earths magnetic field any different from you picking up that hard drive and putting it down again pointing in the other direction?\n\nIf one doesn't hurt, so the other cannot.","CRT screens will mess up. They're made according to what hemisphere they're to be used in.","I thought they realigned every time you turned one on?","Yeah, I also think many CRT monitors have a \"demagnetise\" option","Also known as my favorite button/menu option to press!","I love the colors ","Degaussing ","What? Really?","I chase jackdaws...","I miss that guy. ","So would you say that this is an unusual/abnormal magnetic reversal since these tend to *\"happen every 200,000 to 300,000 years, but the last one happened 750,000 years ago?\"* and if so, would you say that maybe the effects of this would be quite different (i.e., would the shifts happen faster than the usual interval of *\"on the scale of 1000 to 10,000 years\"*)?","In your second paragraph, I think you mean the North Magnetic Pole not the north pole.","Are there other reversals that have taken this long or is this the first be be this slow/long in between?","How low could we see the lights? Like from Portland Oregon for example ","I actually knew this! I watched a documentary in my E&amp;M class a few years ago on it!","Really?\n\nI chase pigeons onto the runway at an airport...","Blast you Seedsworth !!!","I'm curious that you say not instantaneous...1k-10k years.  I'm too lazy for maths, but I would think that is nearly instantaneous.  10,000 yrs divided by lifetime of planet earth would be similar to a snap of the fingers.  Long to us, but extremely quick in planetary terms.","Aren't we getting into semantics here? Its quite clear he's not referring to geologic time scales in which case you would be right. However, for humans and particularly species that rely on the magnetic field there will be plenty of time to adapt. This is eli5 not askscience. ","What's cool about this story is that the discovery of magnetic reversals was totally serendipitous.  The Navy was testing towed magnetometry arrays in the deep sea of the Atlantic in the fifties (I think, I'm recalling anecdote from a university professor about 10 years ago).  The arrays were designed and intended to detect submarines by their magnetic signatures.  When the engineers and scientists were analyzing the data they discovered the patterns of magnetic polarity reversal, and concurrently discovered that the patterns were apparently symmetric about the mid ocean spreading ridge.  This led not only support to the accumulating data lending support to the theory of plate tectonics (proof of the spreading ridge), but also to developing the theory of periodic magnetic pole reversals to explain the Navy's anomalous data.","\"I suddenly remembered my Charlemagne.\"","CRT screens are hemisphere-specific.","Yeah, CRTs flush counter-clockwise in Australia.","Are they really? Huh. I would have thought again the gauss tube would overwhelm any local magnetic flux. You dont have to tune them for latitude AFAIK.....","I'm quite sure he is wrong. The earth's magnetic field is minuscule and there's no sudden difference between the northern hemisphere and the southern hemisphere.","All the ones I've had have a \"de-guass\" thing when you push certain buttons. I have no idea what it does, but I think it fixes the magnet stuff.","Maybe it's just old or cheap ones.","[Looks like it's true but largely.irrelevant nowadays](http://www.repairfaq.org/REPAIR/F_crtfaq.html#CRTFAQ_020)","That doesn't make any sense to me. Wouldn't turning the monitor upside down have the same effect?","Yup","Yep. Apparently it doesn't stop them working, it just reduces picture and colour quality. And some monitors/crts had active electronics to correct for the local magnetic field.","Yeah, there it is. It affected a bunch of monitors we got for pre-press enough that we had to send them back.","... I'm so sorry to ask this, but is that a real job...?\n\nI know of dogs being trained to do that, but never an actual human being.","I believe the job does in fact exist. I however do not do this as a 'job'.","I like you, like a lot.","Speaking as a research geochemist: Most of the e-mail is probably talking about the lab work that needs to be done with the boss/colleagues.","Magnets\n","Wow I had no idea juggalos were into space stuff.","It's on their todo list right after figuring out magnets, how do they work.","Oh, that's just the world computer writing data to its integrated storage.  Have to ask Deep Thought for the source code, though.","because scientists make wild guesses","Yep, the difference between true north and magnetic north is always changing, although at an almost imperceptible rate. When we do our flight planning one of the things we calculate in is magnetic variation. Fortunately our charts have the variation printed right on them, which is pretty handy.","&gt; Magnetic reversals happen every 200,000 to 300,000 years, but the last one happened 750,000 years ago.\n\nSo... Actually they happen every 200,000 to750,000+ years then.","https://www.wpclipart.com/geography/Earth/pole/magnetic_north_pole_movement.png","Thanks! It's interesting that is has moved closer to geographic north... ","Could this also be a plausible explanation for the climate change we have been seeing since the 1900s?","Why is the government so afraid of people knowing about polar shifts.  If I recall correctly NOVA was going to do a documentary that talked about pole shifts and they made them change all of the wording to where it specifically didn't use the terminology \"Pole Shift.\" Why do you think that is?","Eh, sort of.  Runways have to be re-numbered every now and then, because they're numbered according to their magnetic heading, and the magnetic heading slowly drifts over time.\n\nIt's not really anything that requires any adjustment on the part of the pilot.  Nearly everything in aviation is done according to magnetic heading anyway, so the difference between that and true north isn't really that much of an inconvenience.","Thanks for clearing that up and going into more detail about it.  I only knew there was some kind of connection between the runways and true North. ","Indeed.  The runways are numbered as such:\n\nYou take the magnetic heading of the runway, where the compass starts at magnetic north and goes clockwise (90 is east, 180 is south).  You round it to the nearest 10 degrees and drop the 0.\n\nSo Runway 15 is roughly pointing SSE.  \n\nThere are exceptions to this, such as when there are multiple runways pointing the same direction.  Atlanta's airport has 5 runways, all parallel.  They are numbered 8 L/R, 9 L/R, and 10.","Considering electrical grids don't usually last for 1000-10000 years without being reconfigured, no. ","no. The field overall size and strength will remain, just where the peak and valley will be different.  Kinda like how you spin a magnet. Overall, the size would be the same, just change of orientation. (naturally, there is local maxima and minima that will change, but relative to solar wind, that's trivial.  )  I would imagine, probably aurora and upper atmosphere behavior will change  a little.  Probably Florida will be able to see aurora for once.","The poles don't shift, they reverse. It is called a Geomagnetic Reversal. The magnetic poles start drifting toward each other, then the whole magnetic field collapses and re-energizes, north magnetic pole becomes the south magnetic pole, the south magnetic pole becomes north.  \n  \nThere is a geomagnetic reversal going on right now. The magnetic field is expected to collapse in a hundred to a few hundred years. There is correlation between some early mass extinctions and geomagnetic periodicity.","Really, multiple posts above suggested there was no correlation between the poles reversing and early mass extinctions? ","It's further than many people walk in a year.","10,000 steps is almost 5 miles.\n\nLazy people walk 1,000 to 3,000 steps a day.","Based on what exactly? When I used to carry a pedometer, even if I did nothing but walk from my car to my desk and back, and do a little light housework in the evening, I usually hit 4-6000 steps. One mile is 2000 steps. Even if somebody was doing half that much that is still way more than 40 miles per year.","Not a great source, but in Super Size Me he specifically said he had to walk less than 2k steps. I know if I don't leave the house that day, and it used to be everyday, I'd barely reach 1.5k. \n\nOtherwise yeah even if you're just walking barely, you'll still hit 1k and do 40 miles in 80 days. ","40 miles further than paraplegics walk in a year","We know because no one who was alive then tells us so. They moved once, during Noah's flood. Earth is 6k years old.","You either need to work on your trolling or you are just an idiot.","Needs to work on his trolling. Nobody just up and says all that.","Ummm...no. It's not. ","Lol","They could be anywhere, in theory. However, if they magma in the earth is cycling in a way that produced poles at the equator for any length of time, that would both be strange and possibly dangerous, as the magnetosheath (which protects us from the sun's radiation) is weakest at the magnetic poles. If the mag poles were at the equator, many populated areas would receive much less protection from the sun's radiation than they normally would which is dangerous as the sun's rays hit the equator much more directly than they do the arctic.","It is currently moving towards London.","I'm not sure about that far away, but true north and magnetic north (same with the south) are actually a few hundred miles apart from each other. Magnetic north is actually somewhere in the north of Canada right now and moving toward Russia.","Anyone remember the horn like sounds a few years ago (all over youtube)? like a metal gate squeaking as it opens. I think a lot of it was copy cat fakers, but most were real. it was believed to be magnetic shifting. so it actually will hit a frequency at some point most humans will hear. the question is, how sensitive your hearing is or how your body might even feel a rumble which may make a sound which your brain might pick up and process as sound?  so I guess it depends on what person who is sensitive enough to pick it up, or at some point.. a horn. a loud blowing horn, non stop. makes you think of Jaricho. ","What the fuck are you on?","put on your tinfoil hats, gentlemen.","I think they're talking about this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEsTToHdtgQ\n  \nand this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWFMNxpDJPs\n  \nobviously dumb, but 15 year olds are inherently gullible.","I was a pretty gullible 15 year old but I don't think age has anything to do with that type of delusion haha! was just backing you up.","Someone here mentioned the North Pole is moving at 40 miles per year. At that rate it will take 310 years to get to the equator. If you could speculate that **most** of the cool electronic stuff we have right now was developed in the last 50 years. I think we have time for your great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great grandchildren to adapt. ","That is of course assuming it's not speeding up. Which I'm willing to bet that it is.","The same person that said it is moving at 40 per year said it was moving at 10 miles per year 25 years ago... so yes, sounds exponential.","It has been at this rate before,  since the last reversal. You can't draw that conclusion so simply,  even though the current time since reversal is statistically above average (though not nearly the longest ever seen)","http://www.nasa.gov/topics/earth/features/2012-poleReversal.html\n  \nDon't take it from the commenter I was referring to, take it from NASA:\n  \n&gt;The magnetic north pole has been creeping northward – by more than 600 miles (1,100 km) – since the early 19th century, when explorers first located it precisely. It is moving faster now, actually, as scientists estimate the pole is migrating northward about 40 miles per year, as opposed to about 10 miles per year in the early 20th century.","This doesn't change what I said. The current cycle is more than 700k years long, and along that time it has been about 40 miles/year before, which doesn't contradict what NASA is writing. ","I'm not arguing with you, I'm citing NASA's research.","Well fair enough, it sounded like (to me) that you thought my point was moot/wrong because of the info in the above link.","Even if you half that, I won't be alive. Bye!"]],"Art":[["Damn that's so cool-- was this the first time or this is your movement -- pieces in maps? Either way this is so dope! ","Yeah holy fuck this is cool","Mark Powell has done a bunch of these. He likes to draw on things like envelopes and maps and old encyclopedia pages. His Instagram is great if you want to see more!","https://www.instagram.com/mark_powell_art/","These are awesome.  Question for anyone who might know -- seems like he draws with standard bic pens -- how does this ink hold up in the long run compared to more archival quality ink?","Oh okay -- ","[Part of my collection.](https://www.google.com/search?q=art+on+maps&amp;rlz=1C1GIGM_enUS621US621&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=1017&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiemZiuyqjMAhVGsoMKHbmnDW8Q_AUIBigB)","Perfect ! ","yeah this is so fucking cool","Cartographer and GIS major here.\n\nYou people are all animals.","Just ending my first semester in GIS...ARE YOU NUTS THIS IS AWEWESOME","Don't worry, it was a vector overlay","I'm sure I detect slight sarcasm.  \n  \nOr does this map he that illustration was so horrendously drawn over carry some special weight?....as a Cartographer.","Can anyone tell me how all the black out areas of the east coast look so .. even? This is a ballpoint work and I just wonder how to avoid that \" scratching\" effect.\nAAR...Freakin'awesome !","I can't stop looking into this guys eyes. He has a story. ","Anyone else cringe at this comment?  ","do one with eazy e over a map of LA","I'd buy that. ","The question is why would he want to?","Well it'd probably be pretty eazy","Wow this is amazing\n","Reminds me of [those](http://www.dieter-kruse-leuchttuerme.de/Leuchttuerme)","Don't let Nicolas Cage get his hands on this!","There is incredible detail in his face and hands, job well done. Looking forward to the next piece!","I remember thinking it would take a man 600 years to tunnel through the wall with it. Andy did it in less than 20.","This really taps into the roots of America. I would love to see another with a Native American, or even both of them standing side by side","Hey its.......Jim!","Miss Watson's been lookin' a long time","It boggles my mind that people even have talent like this. ","I wonder how many people live in his silhouette. ","No one is bothered this map is ruined!","By ruined do you mean improved?","Yeah it's ruined, but who uses a maps anyways?","Shame you had to black out those portions at the bottom:(  Really detracts from the rest of it.","Everything is relevant. Thats one of the reasons I love this illustration. It balances the detail on the top and gives weight to the piece.","It kind of makes him look like a squatting frog.","lmao","Hell naw to the naw naw naw","Beautiful piece! It looks a lot like the work of add Fairburn, you should check him out.\nhttp://edfairburn.com/?projects=denver-southbound","Not usually an art guy but I'd buy this piece.","This is really freaking awesome.","The gulf at this angle looks like Michigan.","Wow that is amazing ","Completely amazing!","Wow, that's beautiful. ","His drawing skills are on point.","My old Kentucky boner.","Mr. Powell does not know what a ballpoint pen looks like..","You should sell prints of this, it's a great excuse for me to give you my money.","How do you pull of the variation of values?","Is that [J. Alexander](http://imgur.com/MH5DRvb) from America's Next Top Model?","Needs more tickling.","I knew somebody from my highschool that did a portfolio of artwork strictly on maps. Very neat, and thanks for the memories!","It's funny how hard it is to recognize a place on a map when it's oriented in an unfamiliar way.  Took me a while to realize that it was USA.","So inspiring! Great idea to use a map as a canvas! Im definately going to try one out for a canvas","I thought that was [this guy](http://img.cdandlp.com/2013/01/imgL/115819531.jpg)","This is awesome ","Does this not remind anyone of Gucci man?","Now *he* owns the country. ","Gorgeous. Reminds me of the sketches that vendors sell outside the NY MoMA but on newspapers and far, far better.","Damn! Some people are so talented. Not fair! Amazing work. ","This is fantastic.  A great idea, and beautifully done. ","That is a traveled man.","Incredibly powerful - love it! ","I love how it fades to black towards the bottom, amazing!","This is amazing ","Fantastic work! Extremely creative and original work there. ","This is so impressive.   What creativity a very moving piece... would love to see a collection in museums ","Damn that is one fine drawing.","Yeah, Beautiful Racism. \n\nIt is glaringly obvious the statement being made by the artist....\n\nThe blood of blacks being the \"ink\" of the cartographer....\n\nWhy not throw some Chinese people in there too, or did you forget they also built up large sections of this country's rail system so one didnt have to be on horseback or carriage drawn? \n\nBut no, the artist here only can see black or white and even then, you want to stay chained to the past. Yup, purposefully chosen word, chained.\n\nThe world is larger than just Black or White ya know..\n\nNo one alive today, was alive in those times- let it go. \n\nThis is nothing more than political centered art for some \"remember whitey didnt make this land\" movement...\n\nDo not be fooled by its first impression as being art for art's sake. NOT All art is a statement, but this is completely and utterly one... Do not be fooled. Racism can be pretty too.....\n\n\n","The map is certainly interesting but it would be even stronger without it!  This is because it causes a distraction from the figure who is powerful enough to hold his own. Great work!","Morgan Freeman?","Morgan freeman?","This is very nice.  IMO the map for this art should be one of the eastern US to further illustrate the man's story.  A full US map could be used to illustrate a Native American story.  His other work (posted online) seems to support this theme.","Is that Flavor Flav? Fantastic work nonetheless.","just needs to be rolling a joint in his hands","Whoa?! You like weed, dude? That's so fuckin tight!\n\nSo fuckin tight!","It's kyle!"],["definitely inspired by Kerbyrosanes \nhttps://scontent.cdninstagram.com/t51.2885-15/s640x640/sh0.08/e35/12677448_817835898345792_914995144_n.jpg?ig_cache_key=MTE4ODIyODY5NDMzNDI3NTExNA%3D%3D.2\n","Kinda looks like kerbyrosanes geometric beasts... ","you should really credit kerbyrosanes as this is blatantly copying his design.","Yeah make sure you cite Kerby Rosanes for the middle one","I am an amateur just trying to de-stress from my day job by emulating the artists whose artwork inspires me.  A huge credit to Kerby Rosanes for this particular 'Geometric Beasts'  design inspiration: http://kerbyrosanes.com","Emulation doesn't work very well with artwork. The whole underlying importance is creativity. The mechanical part doesn't matter nearly as much as the creative part.","I strongly disagree. The mechanical part IS the difference between an artist and anyone else. Anyone can have a creative idea, being able to render that idea using an artistic medium makes you an artist.","Digital to reality ","There's nothing wrong with emulating someone else's art, but I don't get the point in posting it?","Thank you yodelingchamp for your submission! Unfortunately, your post has been removed for the following reason(s):\n\n***It breaks rule 6:*** **Do not submit sketches, doodles or unfinished work.**  Post these to other subreddits like /r/IDAP, /r/sketches and /r/doodles instead. If it's an unfinished work and you need advice, then post it as a self post.  Also we request that you include nothing in the photo that is distracting or extraneous to the artwork, so please leave out such things as the media used (pens, pencils, paint, etc.), real people (including yourself), pictures of the subject (even for comparison), or anything else that would not be seen if the art were publicly displayed.\n\n\n\nFor more information about the subreddit rules make sure to read the sidebar, and if you have any questions please feel free to reply to this comment. Thank you!"],["This is cool af","Thanks, glad you dig it :)"]],"pcmasterrace":[["Who actually says that though. I have never once heard anyone say that.","I've never heard a real person say that, but occasionally I've seen PR/marketing/console focused journos say something to the effect of \"PC gaming is dying.\" I don't believe it's an opinion real people have. ","just look through youtube comments. I'm sure you'll find something fairly quickly","YouTube commenters are barely people, though... ","Best thing I've heard all day.","[This](http://www.statista.com/graphic/1/272595/global-shipments-forecast-for-tablets-laptops-and-desktop-pcs.jpg) relevant graph does show one possible indication of the relative decline of desktop, then laptop sales in relation to what is in fact an overall increase of computing device sales when all are combined.","I assume they are counting pre-built desktops and not components? Seems like a lot of people who are into PC gaming, at least seriously, tend to build their own, rather than buying prebuilt ones...","not to mention PC gamers don't have to by a whole new fucking computer every generation, so that brings that number down as well.  ","&gt;not to mention PC gamers don't have to by a whole new fucking computer every generation, so that brings that number down as well. \n\nAlso, we have to consider the large number of office desktops that might be replaced by laptops/tablets + a docking station.","also true.  ","If you can find statistics on component sales I'll fire up Excel.","Don't forget to add me to the list, I brought my components! There's *Dozens* of us!","Dozens!","NVIDIA's stock price/revenue/profit are all at highest point ever, enough said.","means we are paying too much!","but how many of these initial desktop sales simply get upgraded instead of being replaced?","Yeah I was about to say I've helped a couple friends upgrade their prebuilt systems when they asked me for helping buying a new computer since theirs was running \"slow.\" Sure there are limitations but why spend another 600$ or so on a low-end system when you can spend 300 in parts and just upgrade what you have?","&gt; spend 300 in parts and just upgrade what you have?\n\nSome desktops can't be upgraded.\n\nI had a Lenovo tower for a week or so. It had a PSU with a proprietary cable, and nothing would connect to it without an adapter I'd need to buy from Lenovo. The PSU was also 300W and secured to the tower, as in, it was part of the case, and could not be removed. I'm sure with enough force I could pry it out, but it was pretty much attached permanently.","Damn that blows. It almost seems like a scam at that point to force people to buy a new computer outright. Shady business practice in my opinion","This is why you don't buy IBM (lenovo now) or Dell.\n\nIt's been like this since forever.  It was a huge pain in the ass to upgrade their stuff in the 80's and 90's.","This makes me sad. I had hopes companies weren't still doing stuff like this but I guess not. Reminds me of the old dell p4's with the proprietary motherboards.","90% of this decline IMO is because PC hardware is just so good now.\n\nIt lasts a long, long time compared to 2 decades ago.\n\nMy current main PC is 3.5 years old, cost under a grand to build and is still upper midrange.  Only thing I've replaced since purchase is the video card, once - 2 years ago, and it's still good enough to run any game on maximum settings reasonably.\n\n15 or 20 years ago a $1000 PC was nearly dumpster material when you bought it, and after 2-3 years would be hopelessly obselete.\n\nMy brother's gaming PC still works fine even, and it's using my old hardware (q6600 and 8gb of DDR2, with a 560ti).  I am sure he doesn't have the detail sliders cranked, but it's totally functional and the CPU/mobo are 9 years old.","My pc has an 8 year old CPU and GPU and it works perfectly fine with a 12 and 13 year old hard drive with 2 GBs of DDR2 Ram.\n\nHonestly though the hard drive literally just started dying after a decade, but it still runs CS:GO and whatnot on a solid 60 FPS on minimum settings.\n\nSure it can't run the last 2-3 years of AAA games, but in my honest opinion, indie games are better anyway nowadays and they usually don't require beasts to run.","I can't argue with that. We should head over to /r/mobilemasterrace at once.","NPCs. They say the same few lines over and over, they mainly lurk in the same places and despite all their appearances of sentience they ultimately affect nothing and no one.","Be careful your going to piss off r/redditarmy and end up with like 15 down votes.","I might as well chop my dick off while I'm at it","I'm in no hurry to lose hope in humanity. ","&gt; just look through youtube comments.\n\nI wouldn't recommend that to my greatest enemy.","http://i.imgur.com/4E86TQA.gifv","If I look through Youtube comments I can find practically anything.","PC gaming has been dying for past 30 years... I stopped laughing at them 10 years ago... (Because the joke got too old)","I'm pretty sure nobody is saying that these days anymore, but it was said something like 5-10 years ago when PC Gaming really was on the brink of death.","I've been hearing that PC gaming was dead ever since the PS1 and N64 came out.\n\nStill waiting.","Yeah a lot of the younger pc gamers don't realize \"pc gaming is dying\" used to be huge. I remember reading articles all the time about PC being the dying gaming platform and how consoles were going to completely take over soon. ","The issue was more a market shift than a decline.  All the known indicators were going down.  Retail shelf space, retail sales, new system sales.  All went down.\n\nNow what happened is sales shifted to online/steam.  Retail space just wasn't needed.  Online sources closed many local PC shops.  It was just a market shift but the initial bell weathers cried death and we've been hearing it for 20 years.","This is very well said. Those who were playing a dirge for PC gaming weren't seeing the full scope of the situation. ","Except it never was on the brink of death","Maybe in America and such? I dont think I knwo anyone in Denmark that actually plays on console, granted we are a small country.","It went through a strange period of time, and Crysis and Unreal Tournament didnt do great. But you only have to look at games ranging from The Sims 3 (2009), Minecraft (2009), Fallout 3 (2008), or even just World of Warcraft, to see that it was never close to dying. It wasn't even a problem of piracy, although that may have played a part. \n\nI'd take from this the following lessons:\n\n1) PC Gamers are casual gamers too. Maybe even predominately casual gamers (by numbers).\n\n2) Steam is right, most people dont have kick ass computers.\n\n3) PC gaming is so diversified that a cheap game done right can sell millions, or an expensive game can just fail to sell.\n\nAlso to note: VISTA was terrible, DRM was terrible, piracy was ~~great~~ terrible\n","I'd say in the early 2000s pretty much the only thing keeping PC gaming alive were games like WoW. It was a pretty dark time with some pretty slim pickings.\n\nWe're talking the PS2/Gamecube/Xbox era, though.","Sure they're not just being inflammatory for clicks? Ya know, kind of like a lot of news media.","It was shit people constantly said a decade ago.\n\nhttp://www.videogamer.com/pc/crysis/features/article/pc_gaming_is_dead.html\n\nThat's just one article, but you can easily look into it further if you want to. It was a combination of a lot of things: poor PC game sales, developers (like Epic) migrating to consoles, PC gamers mainly sticking with mods like DotA and older games they already had like CS 1.6.\n\nThe phrase \"PC gaming is dying\" pretty much died off by 2012, possibly because of the rise of Twitch and people realizing that the top games being streamed consistently were PC games.","It's funny that there's people now that don't know that there was a real \"PC is dying\" crowd that had a majority of media convinced PC was kill or will be kill soon.","I mean, there's still a lot of MSM that tries to push this narrative that desktop PC's will die off soon, to be replaced by Ipads or what not","I think the big deal they were trying to make was how pre-builts had died.\n\nThe market has many options depending what the user wants and needs. Most people will either buy a laptop if they need something that will do internet and light apps, or they will buy a gaming laptop/pc parts for the build they want. Building a desktop for yourself is still cheaper than most premades when you compare prices for what you get.\n\nSo yea, premade PCs seem to be dying while the rest of the market is fine. That's the hole they're going to poke at. I don't think tablets filling a hole as the casual/office/internet device is bad at all.","here's a couple more recent thingamajigs:\n\n\nhttp://www.gamespot.com/forums/pc-mac-linux-society-1000004/pc-gaming-is-dying-29018586/ - 4 years ago\n\nhttp://www.giantbomb.com/pc/3045-94/forums/heres-why-pc-gaming-is-dying-519912/ - again 4 years ago\n\nthese threads were shut down by the commenters pretty quickly\n\nthese days its practically impossible to say its dying - VR and other cool stuff that adds reasons to get a PC... \n\nI also found and article on wired.. but i'm pretty sure that it focuses on prebuilt sales - which is the only thing in the PC industry that is Dying..\n\nhttp://www.wired.com/2015/03/no-really-pc-dying-not-coming-back/\n\n - my response.. no really its not.. the prebuilt industry is though... the parts industry is probably the strongest its been in a few years at least... in fact if someone can confirm that.. it'd be great!","[This ad is very ironic](http://imgur.com/vZWo5uW)","Also to add on, it was the release time of the 7th Console Generation (360, PS3) which were strong platforms, while Windows Vista was also released, an OS that was too resource intensive for lots of older rigs, and even new low-end rigs. \n\nThis is where the 'you need to constantly upgrade your computer to even play on PC' came from. It was a hard reality for PC Users who had their new cards go obsolete fast, meanwhile the consoles had a decent benchmark and a promise to be good and with no upgrades for several years.","One other detail:  Steam.  \n\nIn '04 Steam had just come out and in those days it was as steaming pile of shit.  Half Life 2 suffered from download and authentication issues.   Steam was so bad back then that in '05 it won the dubious \"Coaster of the Year\" award.  \n\nIt took a long time for Steam to really gain it's footing.  And then for the market of ports made readily available through Steam + growth of indie developers to really catch on.\n\nAnd oh god the hardware arms race.  In '06 you still had quite an inflated market for getting a decent PC gaming rig.  I gave up PC gaming aside from WoW for several years due to simply not wanting to invest more into a rig.  ","Upon telling a coworker that I finished building my rig, he went on to tell me how people don't even build computers any more, not even in Asia, and that everyone is going more for small form factor, so consoles are what's hot. He then tried to back up his statements by asking another employee if he was right that no one builds PCs. The other guy was as dumbfounded as I was and told him that, no, people still do build them. He didn't believe either of us.","I had someone tell me building a pc was illegal, when I told him it was not he said he meant it was illegal to get the parts from Japan cause 1. there computers are so much faster than ours so it wasn't fair for everyone else and 2. They could use the parts to spy on us.\n\nI didn't talk to the guy anymore after that. He wasn't even special needs, just stupid.","I mean, if they really wanted to, they could use the parts to spy on you, depending on the part and what not.. But that is one intricate as hell ploy. ","It's amazing the crap that comes out of people's mouth sometimes.","I'd believe this if you were both 7 years old (we all had that friend/acquaintence that spoke real big)","Most people are tech illiterate what are the chances of them knowing how to build a PC. ","Yeah, that was suggested by several click - bait articles by some outlets people not yet realized to be irrelevant. ","[Gamasutra](http://archive.is/l1kTW) , [Polygon](http://archive.is/rkvO8) and [Kotaku](https://archive.is/ht088) did an entire campaign revolving around this not so long ago.","Obligatory:\n\nhttp://i.imgur.com/KNxjKNw.png","God I was hoping the date was 4/1..","That's about Gamers (group) not Gaming (activity)...","Was it not them fighting GamerGate thing they did ?\n","Yeah about that...\n\nWe knew years ago that PR firms were hired by industry giants to shill for them on Reddit, forums, youtube comments, steam comments/reviews etc.  Name the largest gaming publishers and they have used it.\n\nThere is nothing to suggest that the people behaving like animals that drowned out the original argument of GamersGate were not simply PR shills hired to destroy the movement before it gained any steam.  To turn it into such a social pariah that nobody decent would even touch it for decades.  We just saw this play out with PR firms hired by Clinton's PACs against Sanders supporters and like idiots they said it publicly so it only partly worked but it did work.\n\nRemember GamersGate, before the whole mess that followed, was about holding gaming journalism in check.  Gaming journalism is just a PR arm of the games industry and it's lobbying arm.  They finally found direct evidence of corruption in the industry and it was going to blow the whole thing wide open.  \n\nYeah that never happened because the debate has not been about that.  It was shifted to men bashing women and how wrong that is and the only ones standing up for women are the games journalists, games industry and it's lobbying arm.  They turned the original argument on it's head.  That not normal.  That's PR or as they call it in that industry Reputation Management.\n\nYeah I don't think what happened to GamerGate happened by accident.","Of course it was not a accident, SJW will even turn on their own if they can make a cause of it with some kind of hashtag to it. It only take one echo chamber like the Polygon to poisoning the well and making everything about gender or race when it's not.","Spot on.  \nThe signature move of the PR shills and SJW's is stealing something with established meaning and stuffing it with different content as needed by their agenda. eg.  \nrape = catcalling  \nracism = Prejudice plus power  \ngamer gate = war against women  \n\nCatching up on the debunking of the \"gamer journalism\" cannot be done under the gamergate label. It must be something new, carefully protected against the label-theft of preted-SJW PR shills or actual SWJ's ","I had a friend who used to claim that PC gaming was dieing because of the numbers cell phone games were pulling in.\n\nI find it usually comes from people who dont understand why a casual cell phone gaming market would be so popular and think it compares to more complex games, think the decline of WoW / MMOs is a measure of the state of PC gaming as a whole,  and arent familiar enough with Steam or other digital distribution systems to understand why its literally a non-factor you dont see any pc games at places like Gamestop.\n\n","I hate \"mobile gaming\" with a passion.  I reall ydon't want to feel that way, but I have yet to find a fun game that doesn't require micro-transactions to enjoy fully.  I don't mind paying a bigger price up front, I just want a complete game and it is very hard to find one besides old RPG ports.  I can buy a fulle game without being nagged on a PC.","IGN, Forbes, any business magazine.\n\nThe thing is they think their is a correlation between Name Brand PC stocks falling, and PC users and gamers, when their isn't.\n\nThey need to look at the stock of every x86 motherboard manufacturer instead.\n\nIn my opinion, the reason name brand PC sales are falling is because the newer generation of humans on this planet is born into tech and tech savy at a very early age.  As such building PC's is much easier to learn and more natural and accepted.\n\nName brand PC's are falling because building PC's is rising, then you have groups like this educating people and raising the number of people doing builds even more.\n\nThe only thing keeping name brand PC's in business is their laptops.\n\nBut if the day comes when we can build laptops, those too will fall.","Name brands are levelling down(entirely different from dying) because regular average folk don't need to replace their PC every 2 to 3 years. As doesn't the corporations and universities. I just used Core 2 era PC in one of the less used computer-class rooms at my uni... And they were discontinued 5 years ago... Still work sufficiently for basic workloads.","&gt;The only thing keeping name brand PC's in business is their laptops.\n\nAnd business.","Yeah lots of people in this sub always quote it, but I've never heard it from anyone who isn't a PC gamer.","I know right, I feel like I'm on fucking buzzfeed.","It's a reddit thing. Make up something stupid and then argue against it. \n","That's like a strawman argument.","Strawmen are hardly exclusive to reddit.","No one said that in at least 5 years. Don't know who the heck would upvote this shitpost.","http://www.theverge.com/2016/4/19/11463302/intel-cuts-12000-jobs-in-wake-of-falling-pc-sales\n\nOP might be referring to this^ but falling pc sales does not equal dying off of pc gaming","Well,\n\nOver time computers will probably get less and less personal.","CMasterRace doesn't have the same ring to it tho","Ccmasterrace?\n\nFor cloud computing?","Or Crowd Control Master Race(As if MMOs were that complex anymore)","with custom built pc's,\nSelected hardware, and software:\n\nThey just cant get any personal than that.","At some point the only customization for the majority of gamers will be the color of their Intel NUC-or similar.  Everyone is trying to make the PC (also tablets/phone) into just a terminal for their services. It's happening already in various ways. Pretty much why everyone is constantly betting on the cloud.  Sucks.","\"Shitposting is alive\"","PC gaming is the largest it has ever been. 120 million+ steam users alone. It's kind of crazy how popular pc gaming has become tbh.","Not just in amount of users, but in revenue as well. Surpassed console sales back in 2013, in 2015 PC game revenues are estimated at 32 billion dollars while console are at 25 billion and mobile games at 25 billion as well. \n\nAlso out of 61 billion dollar digital sales, consoles only accounted for 4 of those. Basically console revenue numbers are inflated because they're still paying premium for packaging, retailing fees etc (some dev said those extra physical costs could go up to 50% of a sold unit).\n\nEdit: It was pointed out in a PM that 32 billion dollars is PC digital revenue, whereas the 25 billion dollar console revenue is digital and physical. If physical PC game revenue was added the difference would be even larger. The same report that projected console sales at 25 billion also estimated pc revenue at 33.7 billion.","Do you have a source on this? I have a brother who REFUSES to believe that PC gaming is doing okay and i would love to show him this. Tells me literally every day that i should return to console gaming before PC gaming dies out and I'm left with a big paperweight","http://www.ign.com/articles/2016/01/27/pc-dominated-worldwide-game-revenue-in-2015 and its sources","*The big revenue drivers for PC last year were free-to-play MMOs, which, according to SuperData, make up more than half of last year's earnings, with $17 billion. Social network-based games were also a major contributor, generating $8 billion in revenue for the platform in 2015.*\n\nOf $32Billion in total \"PC Gaming\" revenue, 17 comes from free to play MMOs and 8 comes from Facebook games- that's $25Billion- leaving only $7B coming from all the other PC games. \n\nPC gaming clearly isn't dead, but this doesn't really bolster the \"PC gaming is doing better than consoles\" argument, IMO.","Their definition of free-to-play MMO is extremely broad, and includes LoL, Dota 2, World of Tanks, Crossfire, Dungeon Fighter Online etc.","That's fair- I'm just pointing out that we should be thinking about this from a developers point of view- if you love AAA shooters on PC, this may not be great news. If you love LoL etc- it may be great news.","And F2P titles tend to be lighter on hardware use... the PCMR schtick seems to be superior graphics, but the largest revenue generators use middling graphics at best. Meanwhile, all the AAA titles are built for consoles first and then ported to PC.\n\nSort of puts PC in an awkward position.","Wow, what a shitpost... Who are you quoting exactly?","Himself ","Wow, he must be a professional quote maker","the smell","And butt cracks. ","http://imgur.com/gallery/SjcgE","Shame that guy got shit for that. It was goddamn glorious.","He's allowed back now though.\n\n","He got in trouble, why?","He didn't get into any trouble with the law, just the event's organizers.\n\nHe  took pictures of participant's butt cracks and then posted them online. It seemed to making fun of the event and it's participants... that now have their buttcracks unwittingly posted all over the world. \n\nThat's generally something an event would rather you not do.\n\nClearly. \n","I know you're not on the other side of this issue. \n\nBut maybe if they didn't want people to see their buttcracks, they shouldn't have them hanging out of their pants. ","Didn't want fellow MtG people to see their buttcracks, or didn't want the entire **world** to see their buttcracks, taken on the sly?\n\n... \n\nBut in some small way it is true that people should cover their butt cracks, because it's fucking gross, but this is not they way... ","It was really that he was defaming the MtG community and confirming stereotypes. MtG officials didn't like the negative image so they banned him for a while for exposing what we all know to be true.","Yeah I know the post but not any background story. I guess now everybody is very careful about picking a longer shirt before going to this event again.","i remember seeing this long ago , it's still fucking funny ","Jesus does number 12 even have a seat on his pants? His entire ass is out there. ","I sure fucking hope they clean all those chairs after the tournament.","I learned something today. If I want to lose weight, stop playing Magic the Gathering. ","And backpacks.  \n\nAnd cargo pants.","Went to a 2k players lan last week . Doesnt smell bad tbh ","They are more spaced out than most conventions and those places have heavy duty air exchangers","Yo, pax east is fucking freezing. That hall is like 59 degrees","That's really hot. ","50 then? I was just in a t shirt and after 4 hours in the hall, and 30 minutes in pc freeplay, I was shivering","50 is way too cold... Even for me and I'm from Finland and I hate summer... Also liquid oxygen make breathing hard...","50 is nice, and I'm from sunny temperate California.  And loathe summer.\n\nOnly reason I don't keep the AC set to 50 is $$$.","Here I am just freezing my ass off at 50 K","That measurment is in Fahrenheit not Celsius","I think Latte was confused about the temperature scales on purpose for comedic effect. I'm unwilling to evaluate how successful they were.","Well, their comment isn't negative so I think thats a least a positive thing ","What if the voters all thought it's Celsius","Most Americans should be asleep so that actually might be the case","From Canada, gave an upvote and a smirk.","Your last line makes you sound like a news reporter, now back to you Rick with the main story.  ","You could just be one of those smelly gamers tbh","I attended a LAN in late March in England. The smell isn't bad, just alcohol, honestly. ","i57? ","Holla\n\nH3-AB19 i think ","I56 wasn't bad either. The only pollution was noise from the CS teams.\n\nI58 will be the real test of how well the NEC can cool 2000 people and their kit.\n\nJust 4 months to go...","I was just at PAX East for work.  The Twitch booth was walking around giving out mini Old Spice deodorants.  It was hilarious.","It's dead and this is where they buried it. ","The Twitch booth this year was giving away deodorant. ","PAX East is amazing, sadly the tickets for all 3 days sold out in about 7 minutes.","Going for all 3 days is insane. Just accommodations alone in *Boston* can be 3 times the cost of the tickets. Boston is not a cheap town to have any sort of dwelling in for any period of time. They did not build vertically there like in a place like NYC. There is only so much space.","Is it close enough to travel to from a suburb near by? For instance, I live about 30 mins outside of ATL - rent is dirt cheap (420 a month for a 3 bedroom house) and I assume hotel fare is similar. ","Speaking rent wise, not really. Once you get out of Boston in just about every direction, are some of the wealthier suburbs in the state. Jamaica Plain is usually one of the cheaper areas. Hotels outside the city may be ideal but you still have to drive through some city traffic or take the T train if you happen to be on an active route.","30 mins outside of Boston and you're still looking at $1200-$1500 for a two bedroom. ","&gt; 420 a month\n\nayyyyyyy","I live in the area around Boston and took the train to PAX this morning. It's quick and easy. ","This is why I love Insomnia in the UK. Camp in a neighbouring hall the whole geekend: £25.","I fail to see the point of your New York comment. Boston doesn't have the population to support huge buildings like New York does, and New York is definitely more expensive than Boston. Doing so doesn't make it less pricey. Boston is expensive because income is high, unemployment is low, and standard of living is high.","Eh, I got em for my gf at face value a month before","Was this your first PAX? It's been like this a while. If you're going to go next year, I recommend setting up a page monitor on their site to see when the badges drop. That's how my group got theirs.","Fuck off with these shitposts.","Complaining about shitposts on pcmr is like complaining about the smell at a cow field.","Is this your first time to /PCMR? It's nothing *but* shitposts","But dude he used quotation marks!","Come to Assembly","A lot of those cases are exactly the same.  Is this a sponsored event? Or is that case just that popular (at the time)?","\"That's cute\" - Dreamhack winter/summer","How did you get every PC gamer into 1 photo?","They travel in a pack. ","I could make the same point and show a picture of a CoD tournament.","http://i.imgur.com/wT16MSM.jpg","But no one seriously says console gaming is dead. \n\n*For now...*","No one seriously says PC gaming is dead either. At least, not people who know WTF they're talking about.","Heh...and every one of those PCs are using corsair peripherals. Literally. ","Also 20 vr freeplay stations. ","I know!!! Need to find time to try those tomorrow.","For the oculus one you can just walk right up an ask no waiting. The line is only for the vive","Graveyard. \n\n/s","I can't believe OP would just post this picture of a bunch of corpses. And without a NSFL warning.","Nobody actually says that and you know it. Just fishing for upvotes in the pcmr circlejerk.","Don't worry. Dreamhack is keeping both PC gaming, LAN parties and esports very much alive. https://youtu.be/U8GEqoNIYi4","WHERE IS THAT","PAX East\n","Awww, I have school ;(","The 3 day pass sold out in about 7 minutes, and they were sold about 4 months ago.","holy shit","Oh, how I miss PAX.","LAN Syndicate from last weekend in Seattle.  \n\nhttp://i.imgur.com/q6HTz8A.jpg","There is literally a LAN party we are having (BYOC) just to the right of the PC Freeplay area and you post that instead?","This is like those FB posts that say \"WHOEVER THINKS TEACHERS SHOULD BE PAID LESS: READ THIS.\" It's a position literally no one holds and everyone else spreads it around so that they can feel good about supporting teachers.","My God, the power requiment for that must be insane. ","only IGN says this \" PC gaming is dying\"","Look at all that empty space above them. They haven't even got two floors","\"The PC is dieing\" started during the smart phone revelation.\n\nWhat people failed to realize is that just because 1 billion people have smart phones, doesn't mean they don't also have PC's or access to 1.\n\nThey also tried to do a 1 to 1 correlation between phones and PC's.\n\nA family of 4 wants 4 cell phones, they don't necessarily need 4 pc's, so it would be 1 to 4, or 1 to 6 in big families.","I am amazed at that site this weekend. \n\nStory time: I signed up for the UT2004 tournament at Pax yesterday - holy shit there are some amazing players of that game still out there! Made it to the semi finals then got wrecked. \n\n","My favorite thing about PAX. ","To play Devil's Advocate, MLG is pretty much Console only now. You can find the same picture with Consoles I'm sure.","They put all the pc gamers in the world in one room?","I feel like console gaming is dead. ","Just like wow is dying....And the Ottoman empire was dying....VERY VERY VERY VERY slowly. \n\nPC gaming will die. Eventually. But for the same reason the carriage did. At one point a PC will be...too powerful. Too large. Too...oldschool. Like, elitists will say 450 fps is just not enough, and 64k VR is just the first step, but most people will not care enough. Long after a console will be just a small module inside the small box that will be the \"really really smart TV\" \n\nHow exactly it'll happen? Well, the future is a very foggy road, and there's no map.","My parents argue gaming is a waste of time and is a bad influence. Such a small fraction of Mature gamers go insane about the action in them","My father has been saying to me off and on for 15 ish years. I'm 30. Masters degree, decent job, townhouse, pay my bills with no problem, etc. It's all about balance. I've been a gamer since I was 3, and also did/do active things. If it's all you do, it's a problem, otherwise, it's a hobby. No different than hunting, sports, etc. Do your thing. ","So sad to see that intel actually agrees.","PC gaming is dead came from a mass of information and poor metric analysis. The 2000 decade saw a shift from prebuilt PCs and physical game sales to custom builds and digital downloads. However the typical metric showed the decline in those markets, not the hardware or digital downloads rise. So to anyone outside of the PC gaming realm saw a decline.  These metrics also affected game publishers as they didn't see a need to support PC when consoled were really picking up. \n\nAround the mid to late 2000s the pattern continued and it wasn't until the 2010s that digital sales really started to become a standard in the whole metrics, advertising universe. \n\nTl;dr; PC gaming never died. It never was going away. Just a shift in what was being measured for sales. And it took almost a decade for these metrics to measure the correct market. ","Damn that's a big basement. ","Pc gaming happily being dead since 1981","\"These aren't PCs! They Are Advanced Consoles!\"... a friend of mine said this as I viewed my picture... If they weren't joked they'd be gone by now, lol","The PC is dying this is a fact.  PC gaming I hope lives on. Intel cutting 12000 jobs.  PC sales declined. Its a fact that the world is ditching their dinosaur pc towers for a portable experience . Tablets phones laptops of various types. PC gaming I hope lives on for at least another decade. It is changing though. ","each time pc game died (over 100 times throughout the history of journalism) the pc becomes zombie and lives forever.","More like a Phoenix.","[But pc market is](http://www.extremetech.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/computer-shipments-2015.png)","Prebuilt shit PCs by Dell or HP are dying.\n\nThat's why this graph also shows iPads. In 2006 a dude who had no idea what anything is would buy a laptop, now he buys an iPad.","Windows* market preinstalled on computers.","no... thats probably just Prebuilts... ","How old are you?  It was a common thing (and true thing) late 90s.","It shows up in a random gaming related article or blog every few months. At least, that's the only time I've seen it said not in jest.","Considering this is a \"pro gamer\" event and not real gaming, this isn't really proof.","Are you in denial? \n\nhttp://www.gamesindustry.biz/articles/2016-01-26-pc-trumps-mobile-console-in-booming-usd61bn-digital-games-market\n\nhttp://gamingbolt.com/pc-gaming-growing-faster-than-consoles\n\nhttps://opengamingalliance.org/press/details/core-gamers-are-expected-to-drive-record-growth-for-pc-games\n\nhttp://venturebeat.com/2015/08/28/the-deanbeat-as-the-consoles-show-age-pc-gamings-resurgence-becomes-more-obvious/\n\n","Here is a word cloud of every comment in this thread, as of this time: http://i.imgur.com/67dMgGD.png\n\n---\n\n[^[source ^code]](https://github.com/Winneon/makeswordclouds) [^[contact ^developer]](https://reddit.com/user/WinneonSword) [^[request ^word ^cloud]](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=makeswordcloudsagain&amp;subject=Requesting%20word%20cloud.&amp;message=%2Bcreate%20REPLACE_THIS_WITH_A_REDDIT_POST_PERMALINK)","Game PEOPLE dying!?","People used to say it more in the mid to late 2000s when it actually made sense. Because for a while there it did look like PC gaming was gonna completely disappear. ","The average temperature increased by 10C in the building that day. ","Was about to say something similar, imagine how much heat they're all generating. ","I was early 20s at the time. He was around my age. ","That, and that PC's that don't do specialized rendering or gaming actually do not have to be replaced because they still work fine.","The same people who say Deadpool was the first R-rated comic book movie. ","think of a stupid remark, picture that disproves peasant etc","10 years ago.... i heard it all the time from friends who became console whores.","Sweet graveyard.","Where's all the Ultrawides!!","Ohhhh you're one of those guys. Check this guy out everyone","This was just a failed post overall. PC gaming is not dieing, no one has ever said that and OP wanted up votes, gg","What Japanese computer is better than my Chinese MSI computer?","A mecha warrior? Those are Japanese right?","But does it run Battlefield at Ultra at 4K?","1080p @ 24 fps, but it's not like the human eye can see more than 24 fps so it's okay :P","Much more cinematic that way anyway.","I wonder if Thin clients are counted as desktops. ","They are also getting replaced with thin clients a lot because you don't need a full grown desktop on the hotel reception but a tablet or laptop is not a solution for such an enviroment.","I don't really know how you're going to track that. Consider if you'd bought a pc when the xbox 360 was first released, it's very likely the majority of pc gamers would have replaced it or upgraded it enough that it's almost an entirely new system prior to the xbox one being released. ","you can track individual purchases of hardware and find the average amount bought between all pieces to get an idea of how many 'new'  computers have been bought.  it wouldn't be 100% but it would give a better idea since most people only upgrade a few pieces for new gen titles. \n\nit doesn't matter what is replaced, it is still the cheaper solution.  lets not even get into all the other PC perks that save you money that consoles sorely lack.  ","YEAH PAX! YOU SHOW EM!","PC fags get a pic of 1 room and think its not dead LOL yeah carry your whole computer to a place to play with a bunch of other nerds. Ill stay at home on my couch with my more affordable system enjoying the convenience.","You do realize console nerds have big LAN's like this too, right? And that PC gamers can sit on their couch and play games just like you can? \n\nAffordability is extremely debatable too. There's plenty of PC builds that cost as much as a console that can play console quality games. Not to mention the ability to upgrade - some of the parts in my gaming PC are over 9 years old. Between that and the huge savings when buying games, I don't know if it's really that much more affordable. \n\n","I play pc, I was joking.","/r/pcmasterrace says it so they can perpetuate their own circlejerk. \n\nI've been PC gaming for 15 years and never once have I met someone who actually believed consoles were superior. ","TIL.","If you ever have the means to go to Sweden for Dreamhack you gotta take the chance. It's an amazing experience. ","Everyone where I work keeps saying things like \"Desktops are dying, tablets and smartphones are the future.\" They're all old farts who don't see the value in a desktop.","Everybody knows it isn't, this is one of those 'memes' has to stop returning to this sub because it's turning into a big circlejerk sometimes.","PC gaming can't be dead, consoles now use PC parts. ","I think I read that the pc gaming market is roughly the same size as the three main consoles combined.  I don't remember where I saw it though so that could be total horse shit","Damn zombies. ","Blops 3","Hi, can you please point out who actually said \"PC gaming is dead,\" OP? I've been part of the brotherhood for 5+ years and haven't seen anyone say that, joke or serious, in many many years.\n\nI feel like you're just shitposting to get easy karma. Please link to the location where you saw someone say \"PC gaming is dead.\" Otherwise, welcome to my ignore list. We do NOT need vermin like you in the brotherhood. ","You can scroll through this thread to find people that think/say it is. People have been saying this for decades, as a guy that's been PC gaming for 20 years. \n\nI'm really glad I never bothered joining this \"brotherhood\" in all of my years of gaming, ya'll don't seem very nice. ","Not since the early 2000s","And remember there are 2 other PAXes to go to. South doesn't sell out that fast, for example.","Your best bet is usually to go for the Sunday pass since it stays cheap even after resale and usually available the longest. I grabbed a couple and this will be my first PAX East. I don't have to fly in and stay in a hotel since I'm only 90 minutes out but still have to get up early to get there and find parking.","Lucky you look, I drove five hours from nyc to go lol","hurd dat","I mean, that's technically true but what parts are you actually likely to be keeping after a ~7-8 year span?\n\nI'll admit I'm a bit of a performance chaser and I'm hardly the average (I mean I basically dropped all of my savings on a Fury X), but if I'd had a rig for the same duration of a console generation I would *probably* be getting all new parts, with the obvious exclusion of disk drives and peripherals - even though the hard drives would probably still be fine I don't know that those are the type of thing I'd want to run till they were dead (because data loss sucks, and I'm horrible at remembering to back up my data).\n\nWe can improve things as we wish but over that long of a timespan we'll probably be changing most of the parts out.","still cheaper than a console. the ability to upgrade bits at a time make it way more cost effective, and keep it up to date more efficiently than waiting for a new console generation.  \n ","Depending on your rig, possibly cheaper I guess.\n\nHonestly I feel like at least in pricing, consoles are holding relatively similar now that the new gen has at least been willing to drop theirs. Sure, you can build a PC to rival them fairly cheaply, but it's not like you're going to get anything that great on a $300 budget (and you can often get both current gens at around that price range or cheaper), let alone with controllers, etc. included.\n\nThe cost efficiency imo really comes from the cost of games - I'd have spent I don't even know how much on games if I wasn't playing on PC, and I'd have far fewer games.","Know when PAX West tickets are released for sale?","That's why you should go by the number of unique steam users.","After removing the outliers/freaks that Dota 2 and CS:GO are, we are still left [10.5 million concurrent players just on Steam alone.](http://store.steampowered.com/stats) Now add LoL, Blizzard and pirates I think it's safe to say that as far the general idea of PC gaming goes we ain't going nowhere, even after counting for bots.","I think there are atleast 50 mil active pc gamers","That's just the national tax filing convention.","can you imagine the combined gamergunk on all those keyboards?","I think it's more than \"just\" gamergunk..","gamergunk can be a lot of things, gamergunk is everything","Even ported to PC AAA games look much better on PC. It's really not something you can argue when there are developers who do a good job at PC optimization and you can play their games above 1080p at 60fps.","Yes, it definitely gets a graphical boost. At the same time, look at PC release day threads, lots of people complaining about not being able to run 1080p at 60fps, or if they do it's with the highest end cards, and they STILL get frame drops and inconsistent rates.\n\nAnd at the end of the day, the assets are still built for console first, even if they do get a bit of tweaking.\n\nIt comes down to paying $$$ for the hardware to run under-optimized games. If you're flush with cash it's okay, but there's a point of diminishing returns.","I have a PS4, and while I enjoy using it, every game does not run at 60 fps without any drops. \n\nI'll agree with you on the last point though, if you have the money for it, PC gaming is a superior experience.","I'd just ignore it. Hell I'd even put a clock on your pc saying something like \"countdown till doomsday, the end of pc gaming\" and just have it ticking there...on and on and on...tell him every day \"any day now pc gaming is going to fall, gotta play while it's still playable\" 10 years down the line say something like \"I think this clock is broken it still hasn't gone off to tell me pc gaming is dead\" ...when console gaming is on its final legs making you pay just to connect another controller to the player 2 slot of a game, and he complains he doesn't have anyone to play with hand him the clock saying \"I think you need this more than me\" It's the long con sure, but it's a lot less stressful. ","This guy claimed to have worked at Dell, oddly enough, building computers.","I was at that last weekend and I'm doing BYOC at PAX East this weekend.","Haha wtf who even says that","Even non-gamers that need a desktop for other reasons seem to be opting to build their own these days. ","Or upgrade old units. I wouldn't get a brand new model because it would force Win 10 on me, and I like the way my current pc works. I just need a better graphics card. Why by the whole thing is I just need one part? ","I'm sorry you have to work with such a fucking imbecile.","/u/anamaltic I am sorry I have to tell you this. You may want to sit down for this. But I have some bad news, your brother.... your brother is retarded. I will give you some time to come to grips with this.","For a second I thought I was accidentally on /r/pccirclejerk, but then I remembered that it just redirects here.","I have absolutely seen a post recently where a console user has stated that PC gaming popularity is dying out. So, literally, at least one person maintains this position.","I think home-building gamers are a pretty small share of the overall desktop market. These statistics include every desktop in every office in every country.","I've done this a few times now. I buy refurbished pcs with a decent processor and stick in a decent gfx card/psu. Usually costs around 500 total and lasts for ~5 years of playing games on decent settings. ","Hey, there's me! I'm on the front page!","That's eqivalent to the url starting with kotaku.com https://archive.is/jkZ6p","He knows computers can do other things right?","Wait, you mean PCs can be used for stuff other than just games? What is this sorcery?","Another factor I've never seen the gaming press mention is that PC sales are worth more than console sales. With console sales, there's physical production, distribution, wholesaler cut, retail cut, etc. By the time the money makes it back to the publisher, they make $10-13 on every retail $60 sale.\n\nBut with digital, they get a flat 30% fee to go to the distributor (less if you're a big seller), so they keep $42 of each $60 sale.\n\nDigital also allows them to sell games for $5 and still make a $4.99 profit, whereas when you sell a console game for that low at retail you're taking a loss just to clear your shelves.\n\nPublishers make way more money for every PC sale, which means that even if PC sells 1/3rd as much as it does on console in units moved, the actual money made may be bigger.","Pretty much. Reminds me of this http://forums.ashesofthesingularity.com/418058/get;3088058 \n\n&gt;On a $40 game we net about $15 these days [2012] at retail. \n\n&gt;There's MDF, which is effectively a slotting fee, as well as the manufacturing, the distributor's cut, the retailer's cut and that's before taking into account the costs of having a retail sales force to go out and negotiate with each retailer, attend their shows, etc. \n\n&gt;That's just how retail is.  They still sell more units than digital (at least for us) but there is also a lot of risk and cost associated with it.\n\nThose who self-publish on their own platforms stand to make a lot of money these days. Steam's 30% cut is actually huge, but it is market price nonetheless. So when EA releases a new game that sells for 300 mil, it's no wonder that they choose to do so via Origin. 30% of 300 mil (technically less cause of VAT in some countries) is almost a 100 million dollars. Even if it was 50 - no, even if it was 10 million dollars, it'd probably still be worth it to *develop your own platform just for that game*. ","RIP to any women that went there","Said no one smart, ever.","Not really. MLG have gone into the CS:GO scene now. I assume CS:GO has a better eSports following than Call of Duty does, which is why MLG have gone partly into CS:GO on the PC.","Thank God, CoD is just an abomination and needs to be purged. ","&gt;2 GBs DDR2\n\nCan it run chrome tho?","Well it can, it starts up slow and unloads tabs if i don't use them for long, but i do run quite a few extensions aswell.","New definition of quite a few... 1","Nah, i got like 15.","about::blank doesn't count ! :D\r\n","Our whole lab cluster is core 2 at my university. We run Linux and some non intensive programs and it works great, albeit a little slow sometimes","My brother games on my old PC still.  Q6600 that just had it's 9th birthday.","\"Said no one ever\" ","Yeah, my bad.","How come they never have things like this in LA. I would love to go to something like this. ","Is this like a \"the king is dead, long live the king thing\" type deal?","someday i will attend to the lan someday..","I've never heard someone claim that. ","IGNs article says $8 Billion of that revenue was from Facebook games- do you think at counts as 'PC gaming'?\n\nMore importantly, $17B of the $32B came from free-to-play MMOs, which is good news if you play those, I suppose, but not so good for the rest of us.","&gt; IGNs article says $8 Billion of that revenue was from Facebook games- do you think at counts as 'PC gaming'?\n\nAbsolutely.","I won't disagree that it *is* technically PC gaming- it's just that the whole point of this thread is to discuss the health of PC Gaming. \n\nIn my opinion, when we talk about health, we're talking about the attractiveness to developers of continuing to develop the games we love on PC. A developer isn't going to put much stock in that $8B in candy crush revenue or the $17B in free-to-play MMO when deciding whether or not to develop their next AAA shooter for the PC. ","I agree that the social games are famous for disappearing (too much competition from mobile games). But you're dead wrong about the category free-to-play MMOs, which include LoL, Dota 2, CrossFire (world's most played FPS), World of Tanks etc. It's an extremely attractive format to develop for.","I guess that's all I'm saying, though- if you're a fan of that genre, then this is good news- but it's not a blanket argument for the health of PC gaming vs console.\n\nWould be interesting to see a break down of those MMOs/free-to-play to see what games are really driving it.","More players paying more combined isn't an argument for the health of PC gaming vs console? I disagree. And you're the only one who has narrowed it down to \"AAA shooters\", precisely because that's what sells most on consoles which you think is an argument. Still the world's most played FPS is on PC, and the most sold AAA action games (CoD, Battlefield, Star wars Battlefront, Gta V, Fallout 4) also get released on PC.","MLG was always console-centric, that's nothing new.","Of course, but like I said playing the advocate. I mean PC Gaming is in no way dead, and I'd never descend even though my eyes can't see past 24 FPS :D","And yet while all this is happening, there are more people playing PC games now than ever before.\n\nThe only people ditching their towers are people whose computer usage basically amounts twitter, facebook, and general web browsing.\n\nIf you want to track PC Gaming, track the sales of high end graphics cards - because while almost every other piece of hardware is seeing falling sales, Those $300+ graphics cards are only climbing.\n\nPC gaming is not dying. It's the rest of the PC that's dying. The Gaming is stronger than ever before. Steam has more concurrent users than Xbox live. Hell, there are F2P's that aren't even on steam that have player bases not that far below to the entirity of Xbox live.","That's pretty much what I said.  Yep. However PC gaming is changing. For the better? To be determined ","Yes, indie titles and free-to-play garbage is the cornerstone of PC gaming right now. PC gamers play it up like every AAA title is made and optimized solely for the highest-end PC hardware, though. There is a disconnect here.\n\nPC gaming is watered-down with mobile-like gaming experiences, pseudo-gambling (CS:GO) and people are holding that up as proof that PC gaming is not dying. Well, technically... but the brutal reality is not what they think (hope) it is.","lol have you tried running ark","No since i know it won't run, I'm not interested in that game either way.","its incredibly poorly optimized ","I know.","Add to that tablets do meet a lot of people's needs.","if anything, consoles are dead. Because a console nowadays is literally just a low-end pc. ","Consoles gave always been lower - mid end PCs. Console gaming isn't dead by any means just because it uses internals of a low end PC. \n\nIt's all about the experience and consoles are the biggest plug and play experiences ever with a straight forward UX for what they're designed for. \n\nPCs are awesome but consoles will always have their place and we should be ok with that. "," PS4 and X1 now both use x86-64. Consoles were always computers, just not x86 PC's is what I meant. \n\nOlder consoles didn't. So they weren PCs (in the same way an (old) Mac isn't a PC, more specifically an x86 PC, sure it's a machine that computes, but it's a different kind. This gen of consoles are literally (x86) PCs)\n\nWii U is the exception as it's still PowerPC-based \n\nI don't want to get lost in a semantic debate. From a practical point you're right, but technically it's a little different. But it's not that important. ","As a PC and console gamer. This 1000% percent. Some people don't have time to troubleshoot, tweak, adjust, reboot, etc just to play a game. Consoles serve a fine purpose. Plus once I opened up and got into multiple platforms my gaming experience has been better since I have access to more titles and more players.","Yeah PC may win in revenue, but I would bet that its only due to games like LOL, Dota, CSGO, TF2, which all rely on random crate opening or buying stupid cosmetic garbage which some people are able to justify somehow. I dont know how anyone past the age of 15 can play those games.\n\nI had a friend buy a knife in CSGO for 35$. I nearly shat myself, what a waste of fucking money, a whole game or set of games can be bought for 35$.\n\nI thought id never see the day but consoles are coming out with deeper games than PCs are. Console money-makers are Uncharted, Last of Us, Ratchet and Clank, Halo, Gears of War, God of War, Quantum Break, etc. PC money-makers are all addictive f2p microtransaction crap.\n\nThere are a few interesting PC games left, but they dont interest me like AAA console exclusives do.","You can do whatever you like with your money. If you like the pricing structure on consoles better, that's your prerogative. If you desperately want the console exclusives, obviously you should go for that.\n\nHowever, it does make you a hypocrite to state so boldly that you are interested in AAA exclusives but then turn around and completely discount the PC AAA exclusives. Of the 10 most sold pc games in 2015 by digital revenue, only 2 were available on console. \n\nIn terms of what the market is willing to pay for, PC games revenues are estimated to exceed console revenue by ~24% in 2015. \n\n\n","&gt;In terms of what the market is willing to pay for, PC games revenues are estimated to exceed console revenue by ~24% in 2015.\n\nOk, but my point still stands, most of that revenue probably comes from stupid f2p shit which only addicted teenagers pay for.","You do realize that there are a bunch of sorry driven games coming out for the PC as well, right? Gears of War and Quantum Break being two of them. Besides most of the few you listed, all big games come out for PC these days.","I'm a PC Gamer as well. But the only thing going through my head when I saw this picture was of Homer Simpson's voice yelling \"NERD\"","You should cite the photographer since this is a rip from a post on r/cosplay","So, I've been to PAX but never understood why you'd spend the whole weekend on your PC. Doesn't that defeat the purpose of going to PAX? As long as you're enjoying yourself I suppose, but there's so much stuff to do besides LAN it up with buds.","Sometimes they get to play games not yet released etc. ","Oh gotchya, that's neat. Thanks for the info.\n","Hm, those people might be zombies...","I see the same thing. There's a reason Microsoft's Xbox One division is pushing cross platform play AND streaming gaming to multiple devices. I can stream my Xbox to my PC or my tablet and play. Yeah you can do a screen share or remote access for your PC gaming but you still need the massive PC somewhere. \n\nAnd you see Valve's Steam moving more and  more into the living room. The concept of a stand alone custom PC gaming rig/station is probably dying expect in hobbiest markets and professional gaming circles. And this is coming from someone who hosts small LANs with friends and builds custom PCS for myself and others on the side. \n\n","This is the single most organized and non-chaotic LAN party I have ever seen.\n\nThough, with the advent of the internet I could never understand what the draw to huge events like this are. I could play with just as many people every day at home over the internet and not have to smell them or be exposed to sunlight.\n\nThe other stuff that goes on like panels and showcases and what not, sure. That's fun. That's a reason to leave the house. Packing up stuff and going somewhere so I can play Quake with a thousand other people I've never met in the same room: Not as appealing.","\n\nBack in the days of shitty internet the only option to not to have a shit online gaming experience was to do a lan party. lan parties died off after the internet got better, but have recently been growing in popularity most likely for nostalgic reasons  ","Yeah, I'd definitely say the draw is for like-minded individuals to get together and celebrate doing something they all love together, in person. The LAN is for the purpose of the event and it is also nostalgic. I mean, why go to any convention then? It's just to rejoice and make friends in a place where everyone loves the same shit.","I bet you that's because all the research and development dollars are going into androids and iPhones since 2009 or so.\n","Not all of it, but definitely most.  \n\n","Do asian countries have their own version of Steam? I'm curious since they often have access to their own MMOs, some even require SSNs to login (I think Korea). So I wonder if they have even more PC gamers but not counted. ","If you open the language settings in Steam there are Chinese and Korean as options, so I'd assume it's available there(not sure about how it works in mainland China).\n\nAlso there are lot of SEA dota teams.","Lived in china a few years. Steam is available there. But not sure if there is another steam like system that is bigger. \n\nIn my experience more people there would pirate than here, but that is from a small sample size ","Steam is not even blocked by the Chinese firewall. But Valve also had a DOTA2 major in Shanghai, so chinese Steam is Steam.","Lots of people use Steam in Asia, including me.","Asian countries can access steam. But I think the pc gaming market for places like china, are still more splintered than in the west. I don't think steam is quite the mammoth it is compared to what it is with western gamers. And I know the Japanese PC market is rather small, it's why often times Japanese pc games are terrible ports. ","It's a worldwide thing.","[You're wrong.](http://www.skepticink.com/incredulous/2015/09/07/a-brief-history-of-the-death-of-pc-gaming/)","Yeah, I meant literally no one, because ai know everything all the 7 billion people and this planet say and write at any given moment.","the sidebar saying that this isn't a circlejerk sub is one of the biggest lies on reddit","Depends if you use an AMD CPU with the stock cooler or not.","Perhaps it's not supposed to be taken literally, but rather figuratively. The phrase isn't actually referring to PC gaming (or gaming in general) but perhaps the people behind the screen or console/controller.\n\nWhy do we meaninglessly kill each other for meaningless points (kills, achievements, rank...) for hours on end? Each hour spent living vicariously through a character(s) that only exists in binary (0s &amp; 1s, or bits) is just 1 more hour wasted that could have been productive.\n\nThen again it could just be the Micro$oft or Sony-machines paying off the \"journalists\" or starting their own astroturf movement.","Exactly. \n\nIf a woman ran out in the street naked and people took pictures of it, who is at fault? ","Numbers going up the game,\n\nGo uses your higher numbers to make people with lower numbers lose to make your number even higher!!!!","&gt; 90% of this decline IMO is because PC hardware is just so good now.\n\n&gt;It lasts a long, long time compared to 2 decades ago.\n\nThey really do. I used to have to build a new pc or do some major upgrade every two years or so. I built my current machine last year. (Bought some parts in winter of 2014). 5930K, 32GB RAM, GTX 980. Before that I was using a Q6700, 8GB of RAM and a GTX 260. I had been gaming on that since the GTX 260 192core version came out and it was starting to lag in space engineers (CPU physics) and I had wanted to build a new pc for years. It still ran all of the other games I played just fine.\n\nI sold or gave away most of the parts to friends and coworkers since they all still worked except the GTX 260. I was using it in my \"server\" until recently.\n","Desktop=/= pc gaming.  \n\nLooking at some form of game sales data would likely be the better way to assess the market size.  Or Nvidia/AMD Gpu sales figures for all cards above X threshold.  \n\nThose figures would be more indicative of the pc gaming market than overall desktop pc sales.  ","Huh,\n\nThat's literally the exact way I feel about it, And, I'm to broke to even personalize any computers.","Click-bait articles and karma whoring posts like this one.","The desktops may drop overall, but more if them are more expensive game oriented ones.","Scimming through the comments makes me think that showing this data is a not a good representation of PC gamers. I think showing for example how much PC games are sold are a good estimate on how much PC gaming is alive. Or hours spent on game time (Steam or Origin). Maybe there are other possible ways but the sales of PC is not one of them.","Truest thing you've heard all day","Which, making over 99% of PC sales, do not represent the market at all, right?","Not when it comes to PC gaming, Hardware sales for PC gaming has been steadily on the increase for the last decade. And sales have been around the same as Xbone and PS4 combined [when this report was made.](http://jonpeddie.com/publications/pc_gaming_hardware_market_report)","Good answer, totally ignoring the subject which was pc market, not pc gaming. Gaming hardware represents an infime portion of the PC market at large, which is dying. It's not because an insignificant subset of a market is doing well that the market as a whole does well. It would be like saying that the automobile market is doing well because the sport cars sales are great, when the common cars sales are going down by 20%.","The comment was taking in this thread as a whole. Niche as it is it's about 10% of the market and the portion with sales increasing.","There are almost 550k subs on this subreddit. If i were to make a guess, I would assume atleast 40% of this sub has built/purchased a custom PC in the passed 5 years. which WOULD actually correlate to that graph quite well as 2011 you see a downfall of prebuilt PC shipments.","Well... 40% of 550k represents 220k people. Yearly PC sales are counted in hundreds of millions unit. Per year. So 220k people, or even the whole sub at 550k buying a gaming pc wouldn't cause as much as a tremor in the market. To speak statistically, if every people in this sub bought a whole new gaming system in 2016, a drop by 2% of the PC market at large would totally annihilate the gain by a factor of 10. Means even if the whole sub bought a new system every year, we still only represent less than 0.2% of the PC market as a whole.","It was in magazines all the time.","Question, why did you go with a 6700k 960 combo when a 6600k 970 combo would perform better in game? ","A local store had a deal on the 6700k and 960. And I don't game that much but I did need a good cpu for work.","I get you. Went with a 5820K myself for a similar reason. ","Dude, I see you all over the place. Mostly photography subs. Anyways\n\nIf he's anything like me, the CPU performance and hyperthreading potential of the 6700k was more important than the performance drops of the 960. The 960 is sufficient for my needs, but my rig being used for more than gaming, the better multitasking performance of the i7 was more important. Of course, this is all through the lens of budget.","Camo cargo pants","I've never heard PC gaming is dead but I've heard a lot about PC's being dead ","if you watch or listen to financial analyst speak about pc's and their role in the future you would hear alot about the \"pc industry being in decline\" because companies like intel and amd's shares aren't meeting estimates","yeah, decline meaning making a lot of money, just not enough. Because it's never enough. It always has to be more and more. That's unsustainable in the long run. Infinite growth can't exist. ","This is the scene at the free play portion of Pax East. Several\nHundred PCs are setup to try out the latest and greatest. Right past this is a section for VR (some 30 units, you need to sign waivers) and finally the massive table top sprawl beyond\n","People still buy legit copies of Windows?","Don't you have that urge to know who brought them to the video you're watching?\n\nI recommend reading some comments to the song \"You don't own me\", which is used in the second Suicide Squad's trailer. I think outcome is quite predictable.","My god.","12 year olds on YouTube.","Are they all on teams? Or is it just a massive solo queue type thing ","Is anyone actually still arguing that PC gaming is dead?","This is a necromancer's work. I'm sure...","It was a pretty common saying in the early 2000s iirc, then gabe came and brought us steam. Praise the Lord! ","That's a lot of tombstones.","8350 mothafuckin represent!","YEAH!","He probably knows tbh","and they're definitely not comments.","Not one female in sight...","That's because there on twitch milking these guys.","That's at PAX East. I went Fri and Sat. Fun times","\"pc gaming is dead\" over 20000 people at dreamhack to play on pcs or watch people playing on pcs","Same here. Went to a 6k players lan last year [and took this picture](http://imgur.com/suZnqVj). It didn't smell bad really, they had a good ventilation system.","Unlike us, We Are People! ","EA and Ubisoft CEOs both said it at one point.","wow look at all them zombies","atrophy, atrophy everywhere","Thinking about going to Dreamhack this summer, but I'm pretty sure it's impossible to get tickets now because the thousands of tickets are already sold out after the first day.","yup, that there is the last of the PC gaming tribe, they say they can see past 720p and 30fps, though the extinction of them shows us otherwise....","we are many","we are PCMR. \n\nwe are legion. \n\nwe do not forgive.\n\nwe do not forget.\n\n***[PCMR](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGRsXwVr-Rs)***","*the hacker known as PCMR*","Never laughed this much in my life.. PCmr dying? Dream on peasents","What games support 2k players?","&gt;getting baited in 2016","Fuck no! Pc gaming is at it's peak of liveness right now. Thats how i see it at least\n","That's funny why is there around like 30k ppl playing ARMA3 everyday","Shit. Post.","I have never ever heard anyone say that PC gaming is dead.","My brother... He's told me that.  Still has an Xbox 360 that believes is the master console. ","The electric bill for that LAN party is going to be insane.","They harvest electricity from the sweat dropping off of these guys.","'Lan parties(gaming) are dead' would be more appropriate title imo. At least because I hear it on everyday basis.","At big events like this and eSports especially it's not dead.\n\nAt home, it's mostly dead as people tend to use online multiplayer.","But that's not even true now is it? Sure, not the big ones. Isn't Starcraft this big thing in Korea? That's technically a \"LAN party\" those pro-tournaments\n\nor QuakeCon.","I think it's true for local lan parties. Like with group of 3-7 friends. Not many games even support lan play now.","That's a nerd-fest, not a sign of a healthy industry.  \n\nSorry guys. ","not a single woman\n","Yep. ","All I could smell was that hog roast truck. Mmmmmmmmm","It's been dying for as long as piracy has killed game companies. ;)","I know plenty of people that play on console, and I live in Denmark as well.","as someone who hasnt owned a console since a gamecube/ps2, I have been getting very jealous of the new age console only games coming up\n\ni might have to buy a ps4 just for last guardian and ff7 remake, I dont think PC gaming is dying or whatever, but I do think the circlejerk that consoles suck is stupid\n\ni dont post here at all, im not even sure if this subreddit is satire or not, but to say that PC gaming has great games every year (when games like GTA/division are lackluster, and other games just getting straight up cancelled) that can match up to consoles would be lying to yourself","Waiting for the first pictures of a LAN party with mostly VR players.","Hey a Chinese gold seller factory. ","Literally no one says this. Who are you quoting?","Don't believe shit just because someone says it.  People say stupid shit all damn day.","I'm volunteering at insomnia scotland, there's like 50 people doing LAN. Should be easy. ","The irony here is that all the PCs appear to be exactly the same build in this picture. Almost like...a large gathering of consoles. \n\nWhile I don't think PC gaming is dead per se, in my own life I've shifted away from PC gaming a bit and more to console gaming. As I get older and busier I just want to play a game, not spend 30 minutes tweaking settings, troubleshooting, upgrading/replacing parts, and not being able to trade/sell/loan my games. Also I've found console gaming in my groups of friends to generally be more social than PC gaming. For me the only real advantage over consoles that PCs have is better graphics and better implementation/use of keyboard/mouse controls. Plus so many games are just console ports to PC which is really crappy. I don't see any of that changing. \n\nIt also depends on the games you play. Some titles and formats are just more popular on consoles and if it's an MP game you need others online to play. \n\nI love my custom PC but I also love my Xbone and PS3. \n","This looks like it could be a \"pro-level\" event so it's not BYO for obvious reasons.\n\nBut that's the nice thing about PCs. The case is just the case. It's the guts that matter.","Is it not a shrinking market?","Every console gamer I know IRL says it.","Looks like a graveyard to me. The bodies of the damned beneath their overpriced tombstones.","That's a lot of virgins. ","You mean people that make asine comments such as this? ","Well it's just a joke. Must have hit a nerve. ","No one anymore but it was commonly said around 2005-2009.","Intel did just lay off 10,000 employees as a direct result of slumping pc sales.","That sounds awesome","Insomnia is pretty good","Alcohol puts my butt to sleep. ","Gamers don't necessarily smell. Especially adults.","MASS EXTINCTION.","Does anyone have the numbers? How many people are currently at PAX this year?","Fun place.","In recent years, all I've seen gaming journalists do is suggest that consoles are dying, not PC's. Before the PS4 and Xbox One launched there was a ton of speculation about whether people wanted consoles anymore and if this was going to be the last generation. And even with both consoles being a massive success, people are still speculating that a PS5 or Xbox Two would fail.","I don't think it's dead/dying, but it's becoming more of a niche and enthusiast hobby rather for serious gamers, whereas consoles are more accessible for the casual gamer who doesn't have the time/money/inclination to invest in a decent gaming rig, they just want a machine to play FIFA and Call of Duty with their friends. That's not to say it's a bad thing, and it's not to say that you're not a true gamer unless you play on PC, it's just that PC gaming tends to be marketed towards the enthusiast and the hobbyist rather than the player who might only pick up a controller for an hour a week to play with a few friends.","[Brief History of the Death of PC Gaming.](http://www.skepticink.com/incredulous/2015/09/07/a-brief-history-of-the-death-of-pc-gaming/)\n\nThis summary cites this claim almost every year since 2001. Includes gaming sites, media, and \"regular people\" gamer/bloggers.","That's how the dead smell.","confirmed IGN not real persons ^^","Just wait for dreamhack summer this year.","That's because the money they get from PC Gamers is a bit smaller than from Console Gamers and since PC Gamers are louder on the internet than console gamers with their complains they ask themselves why they should listen to that.\n\nMaybe it's because PC Gaming is a bit less casual and less for the masses, there is piracy, but it's also because we have already a huge library of games to choose from, so we don't need to buy shitty AAA games and I believe PC Gamers tend to educate themselves more how good a game is before buying it.\n\nSo whenever someone says \"PC gaming is dying\" it's basicly people crying over the fact, that we are too smart and don't give people money for shitty games.","Dat power bill","i think i see a free seat! brb","Literally no one ever says this except for when you idiots post shit like this. ","There wasn't a smell.","&gt; a\nDidn't IGN/Kotaku say it?\n","Nobody says that ","[deleted]","\"PC gaming is dead\" was said long before World of Warcraft was released though.\n\nIta just something some people say for some weird reason, and there has never been any reason for it. World of Warcraft never killed PC gaming, nor did it even really put a dent in the market, except for making everyone seeing the potential MMO have, much like Call of Duty never killed console gaming.\n\nIt mostly seems like this whole \"PC gaming is dead\" is something very US centered though.","[deleted]","As I said, US centered phenomena. I'm not even sure we even had Gamestop where I live until like 2010. If you didn't play WoW, you probably played WC3, or Quake or DotA or Counter Strike.\n\nPC gaming was always going strong in the gaming stores we had though, not to mention Steam that was basically booming from 2005 and onwards.","[deleted]","But it's not really true. You just have to take a look at the list of best selling PC games to see that.\n\nFrom the release of WoW and forward:\n\nCounter-Strike: Source, 2.1 million.\n\nHalf-Life 2, 12 million.\n\nCossacks II: Napoleonic Wars, 2.5 million.\n\nGuild Wars, 6.5 million.\n\nImperivm: Great Battles of Rome, 1 million.\n\nAge of Empires III, 2.5 million.\n\nCivilization IV, 3 million.\n\nThe Witcher, 2.1 million.\n\nCrysis, 3 million.\n\nSpore, 2 million. \n\nMinecraft, 23 million.\n\nThe Sims 3, 7.72 million.\n\nStarCraft II: Wings of Liberty, 6 million.\n\nCivilization V, 5.8 million\n\nMagicka, 2.8 million.\n\nTerraria, 11 million.\n\nThe Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings, 2.2 million.\n\nThe Binding of Isaac, 2 million\n\nDiablo III, 12 million.\n\n\nYeah, this got boring. The point is that PC gaming have always being chugging along well. The numbers of sales before WoW are similiar to the numbers of sales after WoW was released.","Yeah, if you wanted to make games 25 years ago you'd had to buy a 10 grand computer / workstation. And that's just one machine. (source: Masters of Doom, Carmack's NeXt computer)\n\nNowadays you could probably build Wolf3d and Doom on any pc.","Really not a problem as these events are managed and maintained by event-oriented people with priorities to health and safety. I've been to NPF in Denmark a few years now, last year with 2700 people inside a conference hall and although it is warm from a lot of computers and a few servers, nothing is smelling foul or bad. ","PC gaming is the only gaming, it will never die","Just glorious","Can't believe people up vote this shit haha. Get the fuck out.","I am a bit embarrassed that this is the proof of PC gaming not being dead. Would anyone else rather prefer Martin Shkreli in front of a computer?","yep, dead to the bone http://fm.cnbc.com/applications/cnbc.com/resources/files/2016/04/22/Newzoo%20games%20market%20segments.png","All the time Zack. Just the other day I watched a POS piece on the Big Think Youtube channel (A channel for smart ideas) and an old Valley girl went on and on about how PC's en masse are becoming obsolete and soon all computing will be done on mobile and tablet. ","I saw people say that during the mid 2000's, back when torrents were on the rise, and before Steam became popular.","This is what I was picturing LAN Syndicate to look like, not what I got.","Checks out, rip","I wanna go","I was at Dreamhack in Sweden last year, the near-endless neon colors from the rigs and screen glows at dark at night in the largest arena was truly amazing to see. ","I was there, doesn't smell bad.","Where is this?\n","Pax","Intel has actually released information/stats showing that PC gaming is in fact a growing market. ","Your average game studio that sells their game on both consoles and PC always make at least X5 the amount of money on consoles, even if the game is sold at the exact same price. PC gaming isn't dead, but its significantly smaller than console gaming, and constantly becoming smaller.\n\nEA: https://i.pls.press/ay1fxYO.png\n\n2k: https://i.pls.press/O2PpMLC.png\n\nActivision: https://i.pls.press/8ddjnHv.png\n","You're wrong about PC gaming becoming smaller, in fact, it's larger than the console market! It's a growing market, not shrinking. Your claim is completely incorrect. The PC gaming market is twice the size of the console market, and continuing to grow. It's expected to hit 21.5 billion this year and top 23 billion in 2017. The article I linked has sources too. I'm sorry but you're just completely off base and wrong on this topic. [Source](http://www.forbes.com/sites/marcochiappetta/2014/07/14/the-console-war-is-over-the-pc-already-won/#68fe7f8e3b15)\n\nEdit - You're looking at three company's SEC filings which is a great way to cherry pick information in order to make it fit your view. You're completely leaving out multiple aspects of the marketplace. A market includes all aspects of the industry (hardware, services, software, etc). Those numbers are meaningless in the context of our conversation. ","Those were just the companies I knew off the back of my head. If you find one semi-major company that doesn't reflect this same trend of decreasing PC revenue and increasing Console revenue, then I'll admit I was wrong.","Intel... Did you even read the article i posted?","Everyone used to say that back in 2006-2009, then it slowed down to just the most fanatic console gamers, then the current generation came out and most people realized it was the other way around.","I think at this point,  there is actually no one saying that. ","No one has said that since 1999... \n\n","That's a lot of dead people.","Not a problem at pax east. ","The technology just isn't there yet.","No one. Op just wanted karma ","It was talked about that pc gaming is dying ~8 years ago.\nedit: Makes no sense to talk about that now, so no idea why some people still say that when it's quite different now.","I love seeing this. Especially since the company I work for provided all the computers =)\n\n","Nobody has said this ","This is some real autism. Nice community you guys got here. ","Anyone who was PC gaming back in 2000-2005 knows \"PC gaming is dead\" was a real thing.","I don't know why you're being downvoted. It was everywhere, and videogame stores seemed to be doing their damnedest to kill it, shrinking the PC gaming shelf space smaller and smaller every year.\n\nThen along came Steam and *boom*. Fuck *you*, Gamestop.","This is absolute truth. I was in high school 2001-2005 and watched Walmart (the closest thing I had to a PC game store in Bumfuck, Mississippi) go from an entire aisle of glorious computer games to basically one shelf on a corner.","No it was picking up still.","Literally no one says that anymore","Plot twist: That is the total number of PC gamers in the world.","This statement is as outdated as Ronaldo is a diving queen. No one says it anymore.","What event is that?","Looks like pax east","Well, we are talking about an event. In this context what i'm talking about would be hotel accommodations within an hour or so that might be significantly cheaper than staying in the city for PAX ...","I just got back from all 3 days; I go all 3 days because, for me, one day isn't enough. I'm also local and driving/parking is a pain. Staying is worth it if you're willing to save. To those who say it's ridiculous, I understand and won't argue against you. If you're here reading this, though, all I can say is \"Go!\" Even if it's just for a day, go and meet those you don't have to explain yourself to and what you enjoy. A majority of people there are friendly and making new friends is all part of the fun. I have so much to add, but I don't want to build a wall of text. Feel free to reply with questions!","We're stuck in traffic on the pike right now heading home. It was definitely worth it and we'll probably do 3 days next year when we have more money and can take more time off work.","I can't do multiple days at these things. Too many lines, not enough to do outside of wandering the expo center and playing some SFV and Melee. I went yesterday though, and it was awesome. And I didn't wait in a single line (aside from entering)!","Before Steam PC had a ginormous issue with piracy, and a lot of people would say that. The majority of console games wouldn't hit PCs. But at the same time, WoW was the biggest game in the world and it was PC exclusive. \n","I feel like people said it a lot more awhile ago. A few years ago it was getting tossed around constantly. Now even the ignorant know it's not dead. ","The people that say PC gaming is dead are the ones trying to play call of duty on PC. ","\"PC gaming is dead\" - The corniest and most overused phrase since 2005","I don't think people say this anymore. Unless you read YouTube comments all day.","It only took 7 minutes because of the queuing system. Realistically, you had to log onto the website within two minutes.","Around two years ago it was a semi-common sentiment. No one thinks it anymore though.","I feel like console gaming is a teenage thing. I know that I only console gamed when I didn't make enough money to build a gaming PC.","Do all your sentences run off like that?","*Whoosh* .. [It's a meme.](http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/john-is-kill)","I think you're confusing his shitty grammar with that shitty meme. Besides that, am I supposed to know every single \"meme\" just so I can comment on a website? I doubt that he even knows what that is.","The fuck are you doing on reddit not spouting memes?","Forgive me, for I have sinned.","It's okay to not know, you don't have to get all angry about it","I can get angry about whatever I want to get angry about. Who do you think you are, telling people what to be angry about and not.","I'm just saying, if not knowing an internet meme gets you this upset, you may want to re-evaluate your priorities in life ,for the sake of your own health","Okay spider, thanks for the input. I'm glad there's peolle like you who care about other people.","to be honest I don't really buy games often nowadays. \nNot interested in poorly ported games. Gimme real games made originally for PC, then we will talk. ","Rocket League.","Look at all those ghosts.  ","LAAAAAAGGG! ","[16 april Rotterdam Ahoy, EU LCS](https://imgur.com/VLmfncW)","#**K**","Haha nerds *upgrades my PS4.5*","So, there's a bunch of guys watching youtube, your point is?","I still hear people call this the \"post-PC\" era as if the PC is completely dead and gone. Sure plenty of people have switched to smartphones and tablets, but the PC isn't dead yet and I'm thinking the new VR trend will revitalize it.","For reference. [A Brief History of the Death of PC Gaming 2001-2015](http://www.skepticink.com/incredulous/2015/09/07/a-brief-history-of-the-death-of-pc-gaming/).","The latest is that 2017 will bring greater game sales on PC than console and mobile combined .....\n\n\nNo one says that","Showing a picture of a couple hundred people at a single event sure proved those actual, totally not fake people, wrong.  Yes-sir-ee bob","All those Chinese WoW gold farmers...","You buy gold now? JUAN HUNDRED DOLLA","How do I become a part of this?","I'm sorry but who has ever said that PC gaming is dead? Apart from Youtube trolls or that one friend a person might have on Facebook. I don't think anybody sincerely thinks that.","It's actually on the rise again after a slump in the late 2000s","&gt; PC'S ARE DYING\n\nohh new keyboard","I can not see a single PC that looks different.","&gt;This is where the 'you need to constantly upgrade your computer to even play on PC' came from.\n\nIt was around *looooong* before that.  I've been PCMR since 1997, or mid-80's if you want to count my old Macintosh 128k (although not much upgrading there).  If you wanted to play everything well, you legitimately needed two seperate video cards in your machine, each with its own upgrade cycle.  Add in actually needing sound cards, modems, and various network cards over the years (my first NIC used the old coax standard), and the upgrades really were endless for a long time.  Now, you can get a lot of that built right on the mobo, and RAM is so cheap, it's nearly impossible to have issues there.","I came here to bitch at you, \"who is saying it's dead?\"\n\nBut the 800x comments attacking OP made me think, hey, maybe the title sucks, but that's a helluva cool aircraft hanger and I'm glad OP posted it.\n\nSo I reverse image searched the image and it seems to be legit OC. So there, have an up vote OP, even if your title is a little editorialized. Everyone else needs to chillax and play more games if they are going to lose their shit over 4 words.","What does that prove though? You could assemble that much people to almost every topic.","It was a recurring troll meme circa 2006. Direct X and Open GL were jumping through their butts and the 360 was pushing honest 720p on everyone's new flat screens.\n\nAnd then Crysis came out.\n\nAnd The Orange Box.\n\nAnd WoW.","I think [this](http://store.steampowered.com/stats/?l=english) is a more convincing point of PC gaming not being dead.","Rip it was fun. Guess ima play console now. ","I am more floored 2007 is one year from being \"a decade ago\".  Goddamnit.","I fully recognize this is a shitpost, however I prepared an even shittier rebuttal. A crapbuttal if you will:\n\nBecause you cant see our glorious e-sports festival from the valley of the tripple-a doesn't signify death. Hell, we'd like you to come over and taste the 4k-60fps-utra-setting graphics and hyper-competitive high-APS action, so we have a smaller booth called the Twich Stream where thousands of concurrent peasants can watch the spectacle for free. Build a 200 dollar gaming rig (cheaper than those glorified midrange machines that landed you in the tripple-a trench), borrow your mom's computer for an afternoon, or even watch the broadcast on your high-powered tv set top box you call a consol and jump right into the action... you fuck.","correct me if I'm wrong but [those look like corsair c70s'](http://www.corsair.com/Media/catalog/product/c/7/c70_w_right_1_1.png).","Those buttons are fuckin sweet! :D","These sorts of posts are made by communities that are dying though, just saying. If you have to argue it then something's wrong.","There is no evidence that because something is argued, that it must hold some truth.... Not sure why people are up voting this.\n\nThis whole thread hackles akin to the circle jerks you find on pcmaster race Reddit.... He knows it's not dying and is looking for a reason to show off.","People that use consoles are not peasants, but you? You are a peasant.","More like growing","GOD! I wish there is something like this in the Philippines.","I haven't heard anyone say that, but i have heard that PC's are dying.  Basically every financial analyst is saying this due to poor sales by companies like intel.  Just answering the question","Just realized I haven't bought a new processor in 9 years. Are people like ME the reason Intel is moving away from the \"PC\" market? Daayuuum.\n\n\n\nPost Script\n\nI put PC in quotations because technically even your \"smart\" phone is a personal computer, but you know what I mean.\n\nPost Post Script\n\nI put smart in quotations because the term smart is pretty relative, especially when it comes to phones and the expanse of the universe. Is it a \"smart phone\" or a \"smart, for a phone\"? Are phones even capable of intelligence and if not, is calling them smart even accurate? Fuck if I know.","I'm just trying to figure out how much power that place is consuming. .. lol would you say more than an NFL Stadium on game day?","fuck no ","Yea your right lol, just read that the Dallas Cowboys Stadium can use 10 megawatts of power per game day ","Should've seen Lan Syndicate: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=zBGkBG3KgbE&amp;autoplay=1","It used to be consoles were winning at the start of a generation, PCs were winning at the end.\n\nBut the current console gen is so underpowered, it didn't win at all.","Is it looked down on to prefer PC gaming, but you keep a ps4 around to play with your blissfully ignorant friends?","BEHOLD HUMANITY THE MASTER RACE","That's what I was thinking. What event has hundreds of computers already set up for you to use?","There are literally dozens of us!","&gt; migrating to consoles\n\nNow it's the other way. IMO consoles are dead. All people do with them is watch Netflix. We have Wii, PS4, and Xbox. None of them get touched.\n","To be fair though, that entire backside is board games. ","They're moving in herds...   \nThey do move in herds!","Game journalists, Some have even said \"Gaming\" or \"Gamers\" are over... because they're retards.","It was something almost all Game Developers tried telling us back around 2005.","Karma Whores, Karma Whores say it.","Twitch?\n\nI think youtubers had a much bigger impact on gaming than twitch has. There's way more viewers on YouTube channels. But then again I don't really watch other people play video games, so you probably know more than I do.","I never heard someone say that, but I did hear \"PC gaming is dying\" at Gamestop by an employee when I he asked me what I play","I bet they overreact","I was there yesterday, over 100,000 people. Yeah, dead...","If you haven't been in a LAN party, you woulf definitely think that. Go live your PC master race life the right way. ","Oh, plenty of people say PC gaming is dead. I've seen countless news articles spouting bullshit like that. *PC Gaming is dead, now mobile gaming blahblahblahBULLSHIT*\n\nSo yeah, they have no fucking clue what they're talking about.","No one says that","Anyone who thinks that should look at  things like LoL, CS:GO and Dota.","I never understood why people conclude that it's not worth making PC games if they don't sell as well as console games. What, if you're not making *all* the money then you might as well be making *no* money? ","Corsair masterace. Just waiting for corsair to start making pc parts and their own os.","Sadly this picture doesn't really do us much justice. It seems like the most antisocial social event ever. Like a battery farm of gamers. ","I'd much prefer a game of artemis. \n\nSet up those PC's like a bridge on a spaceship...and go for it. \n\nOr even set up circles for team games, and TV's + controllers for fun/social ones.\n\nHeck, a TV and the jackbox party pack would be fun, just supply a few couches for people to chill out and play. \n\nDang, I could seriously think of some epic Lan parties.","I bet that room smells nice.","Poor retail PC sales. It took about a decade for the game media to catch onto the fact that we were all buying our games digitally. They were still comparing PC retail sales numbers at least 5 years after I last bought a game at retail.","It used to happen 5 years ago. Then the eSports rebirth happened. ","Is that every last pc gamer in that one room? :P","Probably some mad console peasant on a message board said that. ","AKA the hacker known as 4chan","More like evloving, in my opinion.","well it certainly doesnt have a life","time travel back to 2006","I've seen Razer use it multiple times as a marketing campaign. I haven't heard much of out them lately though. \n\nMaybe Swofty sold enough Nagas for them?","I hear people say it all the time. Not necesarily \"dead\" but they'll say it's dying and that console marketshares are too big to compete with. Which is absolute bullshit, but these people spout things that they hear from others people who regurgitate false information. ","You would be surprised. Some AAA companies have even said it. Presidents of those companies have said that. The articles were posted on IGN and Kotaku and everything. They had them removed though once they noticed it was actually growing and expanding at an alarming rate. I'm old... I've seen a lot of shit... and \"PC Gaming is dying!\" is probably one of the most used phrases I've ever heard. It's like with your generation and Ubisoft saying \"You can't see past 30 FPS.\" or \"Cinematic Experience.\" ","used to be a common phrase (yes, among RL people) in the early years of the previous generation of consoles, right up until 2010 or so. Once mod videos / ultra setting videos in full HD became popular on youtube these same people started asking questions about how much it would cost to build a \"hard disk\".","You need to look back at the mid 2000's. Cliffy B himself said PC gaming was dead and consoles were where it's at. \n\nThen he's releasing his new game on PC instead of consoles. And Epic are basically begging PC players to find them relevant again. ","It was all the rage 5+ years ago.  ","Pack it up boys.","I don't usually hear that either but if someone did say that it's more than likely a 10 year old who doesn't understand or can't afford so he gets butt hurt.","It's in my school !","I've never heard that pc gaming is dead but showing a picture with a max of 350 people playing is like people flashing a wad of cash on facebook that doesn't even add up to $100.","After spending almost 1k on a new battle station I certainly hope not. ","Is a battle station the pc + the monitors, or does it just include the multiple displays?","/r/battlestations\nLooks like it includes the computer, monitors, peripherals, desk... Pretty much everything :-) ","yeah, a battle station is your whole setup, to go as far as whole room setup.","Said apple. ","Can we talk about how awesome the discord lounge was? Games, free popcorn, water, phone chargers, and friendly people. Skype needs to step it up. Their panel was tiny. "],["Ayy it's Nicky V, yo mama's fav house guest","&gt; Ayy it's yo mama, Nicky V's fav house guest\n\nFTFY","and welcome to another episode of Nicky V customs, mwah*","Who?","Nicky V (the guy in the middle) is one of the editors with Linus Media Group (LinusTechTips). But he does his own stuff sometimes too which is pretty funny: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h71SZ90lwPQ","Oh, thanks! ","*Ohhhh*, the lighting and angle threw me off. Nicky is supposed to be in a singlet and Luke is supposed to be a hulking giant taking up most of the picture.\n\nAnd the hair is different!","&gt; Look who I found Luking around  \n\nFTFY","&gt; It wasn't like I was Luking for him or anything.","Are you from Stoke-on-Trent? ","LOL. Very few people on here will understand this.","Enlighten me","/r/PCMasterRace/wiki/guide - A fancy little guide that systematically tears apart the relevancy of *modern* consoles (you can just emulate all the old ones for free!) and explains why PC is superior in every way. Share it with the corners of the internet until there are no more peasants left to argue with. All you need to do is print out the exact URL I did and reddit will handle the hyperlink on its own!\n\nAnyone on /r/PCMasterRace can [call me](http://www.reddit.com/r/PCMasterRace/wiki/calls) anytime!\n\n***\n\n*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/pcmasterrace) if you have any questions or concerns.*","Lol what ","Good automod!","[Thanks, Gabe_Follower!](http://i.imgur.com/nQabYuR.jpg)\n\n***\n\n*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/pcmasterrace) if you have any questions or concerns.*","Good automod ^^^/s ^^^bad ^^^automod","[Thanks, GameChaos!](http://i.imgur.com/nQabYuR.jpg)\n\n***\n\n*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/pcmasterrace) if you have any questions or concerns.*","Automod plz","/r/shittyrobots","There are some accents in England that pronounce look as Luke. ","Stoke is a city in England (a shit hole but my home city so what can do?) where they (we) have horrendous accent and one of the most noticeable things about it is that 'oo' is always pronounced as such e.g. Book is pronounced buke and look pronounced luke.\n\nBonus fact, many Stokies also say the word 'bus' as 'buzz'","Haha its so weird seeing someone else from Stoke comment on reddit, it's so global I'm always shocked when anyone's even heard of it ","I'm one of the (not so lucky) few who does.","Im a Stokie, and the amount of arguments I've had with people in Staffs Uni over how to pronounce Look is rediculous \n\n","Lol get rekt in varsity ","Omfg, someone else from staffs uni?","Duck. ","Hey its my mother's favourite house guest","I have no idea who any of these people are, nor which one is famous","it's jack black","...I went back and checked the picture.","and discovered flava flav","The two people on the right are part of LTT","LTT?\n\nUPDATE: Thanks for all the replies. [My inbox thanks you](http://gif.co/o4G7.gif)","Linus Tech Tips","so the kid with the blanket gives tech advice? i dont remember this peanuts strip at all","He has tons of videos on how to tune miniature pianos. ","You're thinking of Schroeder I believe.","Schroeder just played them. Linus tunes them for him. ","TIL I know nothing about Peanuts.","Linus Tarude Tandstom","Linus Tedotated Tam","Oh fuck it, have an upvote, I laughed.","Let's Touch Tips.","Laughable tranny text's","Linus Touches Tips","Linus Tech Tips\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/user/LinusTechTips/videos","linus turnip tips","Linus Tnvidia Tshell","Did you mean shill?","Linus Tit Tips - might have seen their 'wonder bra' product.","Linus Tranny Tips","just the tip though...","Linus Toaster-oven Tips","Linus Tip Techs","Linrox Tickser Topser","Lenny Trap Tricks","Linus Tarantula Tips","lieutenant Tom tucker","Linus Tip Tips","Linus Tip Techs","Linus Tech Tips","Dood... There are already 3 replies saying the same thing... Not sure if getting trolled","I knew there were 3 other replies, just added another because why not.","Linus Cat Tips","Linus drop tips","Linus Cat Tits","Linus Tech Tips","Love Toby Turner.","Lettaton","They're from Linus Media Group.","Ugly mofo on the left is me, mid and right are Berkel and Luke from Linus Media Group.","I think you're beautiful.","&lt;333","I still don't get it. Who?","[Berkel/Nicky V](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVSqJPeFKlQ)\n\n\n[Slick/Luke](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jLi4RU5F7Jw)\n\nBonus: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UuLajwmFv7Y","Oh my, Mr. Nicky V is hot AF.  * *fans myself* * hot AF and nerdy AF.  SWOON!!!  Guys, I'm in love.  /r/gaypcmasterrace represent!","That's Freddy Corsair, founder of Corsair.  Such an inspiration.","Heh same. Reminded me of this - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qPefOfu2TIU","Rudy ruduger?","The left one is the famous one","Awwww I missed them :'( ","Whoa, NickyV and Slick!","BUILD IT BEAUTIFUL! ","You should.","Nicky V the MLG quickscoper and bodybuilder and his not so MLG friend called Slick.","Why is this thread so popular when the majority of the comments are people not having a clue who these guys are.\n\nBtw who the heck are these guys?","Because most of the people who know who they are will upvote and move on whereas people who don't know will come and ask.","Luke and Nicky V from Linus Tech Tips","My two faves, along with taran","taran? dennis ftw","Nicky v, Dennis and Luke. The holy Trinity of LTT","You're the first comment I see in this thread that named them. I knew Luke, but not Nicky. Thank you. ","They post asking who it is, find out, then upvote, probably.","I was looking for Luke all day Friday! Didn't find him though...","Fat AC Slater?","Doesn't look anything like me.","...yes.","who?","Starlord man!","People from Linus Media Group, a group of tech YouTubers","Was Linus gone at the other booths dropping stuff?","I follow him on instagram and he's at home playing with his HTC Vive.","and his body pillow","He stayed home this time","Is that the front man from Smash Mouth?","...yes.","Hey now...","...you're an allstar...","Lex Luthor: [standing in front of a mirror in the Flash's body] If nothing else, I can at least learn the Flash's secret identity... \n[removes mask] \nLex Luthor: ...I have no idea who this is.","Jim Jefferies and Yogscast lewis?","...yes.","Luke breaks a GTX 980 Ti.","I used to love the King of Queens. He looks great. ","Did they arrive in a car with six engines, twelve radiators, forty seven cooling fans, three transmissions, and LED light strips? ","Yes. They're the ones that blinded the driver of the Overwatch truck with all the LEDs and made them crash...^^^/s","The Tek Syndicate crew are there also apparently.","I saw him as well. He was conducting an interview so I didn't want to interrupt.","Who..?","The two on the right are part of a tech YouTube channel.\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/user/LinusTechTips/videos","Cool! It's some dude!","Pretty much only keep up with LTT stuff because of Luke. Best husbando.","Same  http://i.imgur.com/Ex3ccos.jpg ","ayy lmao","Wow, cool!  Who the hell am I looking at here?","It is a ...guy.","A famous YouTube tech reviewer...","\"famous\"","They have has 2.5 million subscribers... what the hell makes someone famous than? ","I don't know, but scroll down. We're in a PC sub and the comments are filled with \"who is this?\"","and it takes a little bit of nuance to know that people who upvote wont be asking \"who\" in the comments","He ain't  famous if I don't know him! ","That is just his youtube as well. I'm sure there are people from other media sites and the forms not accounted for. ","I'm so jealous omg hoping to see him at prime this year","Here is a word cloud of every comment in this thread, as of this time: http://i.imgur.com/kwxhTB8.png\n\n---\n\n[^[source ^code]](https://github.com/Winneon/makeswordclouds) [^[contact ^developer]](https://reddit.com/user/WinneonSword) [^[request ^word ^cloud]](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=makeswordcloudsagain&amp;subject=Requesting%20word%20cloud.&amp;message=%2Bcreate%20REPLACE_THIS_WITH_A_REDDIT_POST_PERMALINK)","Luke's face looks slimmer","Probably a result of fisheye on the front facing camera.","Awesome dude! ","\"100% Unbiased Reviews\" ^^^^^sponseredbycorsair","who?","Berkel and Slick from LinusTechTips.","::coughs:: I think you mean [Nicky V](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h71SZ90lwPQ)","::coughs:: no, I meant YA MOM'S FAVORITE HOUSEGUEST","Wait, they are allowed to leave the country?!","NICKY DANK V","WOAH is that the IRL man who reviewed my RAM once!? ","It's Luke he is better than Linus (because he got an R9 290 in SCRAPYARD WARS)","That kid looks like Nick and Taran's love child","I thought it was Stephen Amell. Good stuff though. ","I saw him at the Discord booth playing \"Perfection\".","I saw them talking to a few other fans. Got their signatures on my PAX shirt cuz why not?","It looked like they were recording some *epic* footage of Luke drinking water, so I didn't want to bother them.","That's ***epic***. Oh my god I can't handle it.","beat me 2 it","sorry m8","Luke is my favorite anime character.","That NCR fallout shirt","Hell yeah (i'm more of a Kings kinda guy tho)","Who is it?","Berkel and Slick from LinusTechTips.","they are usually at PAX, great people, Nick light is usually hauling their gear and doesnt get a lot of air time and is seriously underappreaciated, talking to him is great and LTT employees are really nice guys im really glad i got a chance to meet them last year, hopefully they will be at PAX west this year. ","2 people. Very nice. ","who is that","The two on the right are part of a tech YouTube channel.\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/user/LinusTechTips/videos","NEAT. A bunch of random dudes!","I know! Isn't it grand?","No way!!!! I would never have guessed that they would BOTH be at pax. Thanks op!!!","Dennis was there too. I saw him yesterday at the Discord lounge.","So many people here, including myself, that have no idea who they are. 10/10 shit post for LTT advertising again. ","Ayy its Nicky V!!!!","Double chin game hella strong.","ITT: \"Look! I stand out cause I don't know who these people are!\"","who dat","The two on the right are part of a tech YouTube channel.\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/user/LinusTechTips/videos","I have no idea who any of these is","Berkel and Slick from LinusTechTips.","Luke's face mirrored is really weird looking.\n\n[EDIT]: Actually it still looks weird: http://imgur.com/ftKxXtg","Weird? I think you mean't to say beautiful, right?","One could say that someone built it beautiful","Perhaps *you should*.","http://i.imgur.com/NxuNqyj.jpg\n\nI do not know this man.","loving the tags... ","Why are you photographing yourself with a cardboard cutout?","its not gaben","That's awesome!  I hope they are even cooler in person than they are in the videos.","They are. Super chill guys.","Nice NCR shirt, Ranger!","Why is the pic backwards, you now selfies can be done without a mirror","NICE!","Were they here on Sunday? I couldn't find them!! ","NICKKKKKKKKKKKY V\n","My mom came in with me watching LTT while Luke was presenting and said some very inappropriate things","I got an HTC Vive, day 1. 980ti, 24GB ram, i7 4790K.\n\nWho the fuck are *any* of these people?","I've finally found the most boring Reddit post of all time.","Ok, who is it and why should I know their face?","[removed]","Corsair George!","Swing and a miss. George looks totally different than any of them. ","Automod can't read small printe hehe.","Well, former Staffs Uni! Did Computing Science for the year, they then dropped a bollock and took away all the good units for Year 2, including digital forensics. So I went and got an apprenticeship instead.\n\nNot sure whether you had him lecturing you at all or not, But Rob Shaw is the best fucking lecturer I've ever had","Nah I'm one of the networking guys, all I know is he swears a lot :)","Swears a lot is an understatement haha. It's practically every other word! \n\nHold on, if you're Networking, you must have Umar Raza at some point? In the nicest way possible, he made Cloud Computing even more boring that I first thought imaginable :P","Yeah I did have him but not for core modules, he left last year to go to Manchester. His lectures on printers were thrilling. ","Lectures on printers? He's outdone himself there, Christ on a bike","I'm not from Stoke (thank God) but I'm from the general area. I have one message: FOR CHRIST'S SAKE IT'S NOT PRONOUNCED LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOK!!!!!!!!!!!!!","I'm not from Stoke but I'm in the general area. FOR GOD'S SAKE IT'S NOT PRONOUNCED LOOOOOOOOOOOOOK!!!!!!!!!!","I send my sympathies to him if he is.","Don't forget Berkel","Ah, right. Haven't read them in ages. ","Dedowated wam ","Killed it.","Yes, that.","Did you know that there were already 3 other replies?!","LinusTechTips","LinusTechTips","Linus Titty Twisters","Live Tissue Training...  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)","[deleted]","It's because Linus Media Group is fairly popular around this sub.","Fairly popular is an understatement.","Jesus Christ, they are Linus's gang that's why. If you don't know who Linus is what are you even doing on this sub. ","Rip george :(\n\n","Take an upvote","[deleted]","They're part of a PC building/tech channel with 2.5 million subs and several hundred videos... lots of people on the sub watch them.","Dude they have 2.5 million subscribers. And are a PC focused tech review/variety channel, where else would you post this?","They're not little known, they have near 2 million subscribers...","Popular people get attention, that's all","I'm with ya. I was clueless. Maybe it's because I'm not a millennial, but I just don't get this YouTube celebrity thing. You are being down voted because people think you are being negative and shitting on something they love, when in actuality you are asking honest questions that most of us had.","2.5 mil subs is not \"little known\"","&gt;I follow him on instagram and he's at home playing with himself\n\nFTFY","Boobs.","Like 10 million. 2.5 million aint shit in the youtube world","He's the largest computer youtuber. He's famous among the people in this sub. ","Scroll down. He's \"famous\" (in quotes) when this many people in a PC sub don't know him","I know, I was making a *joke*","Assuming half of LTT's Youtube subscribe base will recognise at least Luke, that's 1 million people.\n\nIf being recognisable by 1 million people doesn't make you famous, what does?","To me, famous means a household name. Like when someone says they don't know who a famous person is, it's surprising. Youtube \"famous\" is usually different than actually famous to me. You can have a different definition if you want. It's not a formula.","A household name in tech, maybe. Linus probably more so than both in the pic though.","They were super chill. I saw Dennis, Nicky, and Luke hanging out in the Discord lounge yesterday and got their signatures on my PAX shirt. We talked for a bit too. Super friendly and just as funny irl as in the videos. Dennis is super awkward, what a sweet guy though :)","You say you don't know who they are and then say that it is LTT advertising again?","Because I had to read the thread to figure it out. This was a shit post through and through.","But you said \"again\" meaning you already had to know who they are.\n\nAnd how does this make it a shitpost? You don't know who is in the pic and it becomes a shitpost? Should I go post \"this is a shitpost\" on every thread on /r/pcmasterrace about a game or some product or some guy who is in the picture I don't know about?","Holy fuck scrub seriously. Tons of people didn't know who these guys were. So yes, its a fucking shit post. And if English is your first language you should already know thats not even remotely close to what 'again' refers to in that sentence. I seriously should not have to spell this shit out. \n\n1 person not knowing ≠ everyone not knowing....its really fucking simple dude...","Thanks sir! Off to kill legion scum!","[removed]","who is that\n\nEdit: OH MY GOSH IT'S LINUS' PEOPLE I DON'T BOTHER TO KNOW THEIR NAMES SINCE THEY'RE NOT LINUS\n\nEdit 2: what's up with the downvotes I was kidding.","...k.\n\nEDIT: Yeah, I noticed. A /s might've helped though.","[deleted]","...yes.","Haha, bad joke. Just not too big into youtubers, so I'm not sure exactly who they are.  From the comments it seems to be a couple of guys with a tech channel. ","Yeah m8, I don't expect everyone to know who they are. It's just they're fairly popular within this community. ","For sure. And now I know also. ","Luke Mitchell?","None of those guys look like Luke Mitchell at all, dude. Lol","i don't know who's sexier, if berkel or luke.","Luke + Dennis + Yo mommas favourite house guest = one great channel super fun episode. ","From the latest video I saw from linustechtips... Luke's voice is in bad condition right now. You heard him talk? He needs a raise","My biggest wish right now:\n\nBeing you on that particular Friday. Hope you had fun OP.","I did! It was a great time!","Luke + Dennis + Yo mommas favourite house guest = one great channel super fun episode. ","[removed]","***Legion scum.***","George rules","\"Tinypic is autism\"","Who?","McAfee didn't like the image site","Throw McAfee in the proverbial or virtual garbage.","^ ^ ^","[removed]","Someone's a dick","Fuck off","&lt;3","Fuck off!","I expected /u/GloriousGe0rge...","Just looks like three Cali-bros at a convention","oh look someone who i have no fucking idea who it is.  glad OP cleared it up for us.  Im guessing the one on the right is Mario Lopezes fat younger brother or something","That's me ;)","Which one is the celebrity? All I see is smiley white guys.","Two on the right are from Linus Tech Tips (Though neither of them are Linus)","'tinypic is autism tinypic is autism'","1175 people know something I don't..."],["The thing is, the PCMR was never about having better specs, as is evident with the budget builds. PCMR is about choice. On a console, you cannot:\n\n* Choose to use any controller you like\n* Choose to use any operating system you like\n* Choose to play any game you want\n* Choose to sacrifice graphical fidelity for framerate\n* Choose to sacrifice framerate for graphical fidelity\n* Choose a custom resolution","* Play online without paying extra ","nintendo allows you to play free.","Wii U outputs at 60fps, let's you play online for free, lets you use a range of controllers, is backwards compatible and has tons of exclusives.\n\n If you ask me it wins over PS4 and Xbone hands down, it's the only console that offers me something that I can't get from my PC. ","I do not understand why Sony and MS don't force 60fps on games. It's just ridiculous, I bought a monitor to use as main screen for my laptop and hooked my old PS3 to it because nostalgia. Playing games like Gran Turismo 5 at 60fps and 1080p was a joy, playing Killzone at 30fps with drops and 720p gave me a headache after half and hour.\n\nIt just baffles me that they can't see that a game with worse graphics at 60fps looks much better than one at not even 30 with \"amazing\" levels of detail.","Because those \"amazing\" levels of detail look really good on screenshots, and videos are rare even on their websites","That's so stupid, it really makes me sad, because I love some PS exclusives and I would definitely buy a PS4 sometime if it wasn't for their shitty standards.","My god, Fallout 4 on my friend's xbone was horrible. The loading times were insanely long and the fps drops hard to 10-20 with no enemies. I wish I could at least give it a save and grace with like \"Oh we were on a 50+ in tv\" but I can't. We played on like a 30in at best. I didn't think that the consoles were this weak.","It's also the weakest and has the fewest games, if you didn't also have a PC then for many it would be the worst choice by far. That's totally dependant on personal preference obviously, there are many who would take a WiiU as their only system.","On the other hand, with motion controls and the Wii Fit peripheral and that pad thing for the Wii U Nintendo are offering something that the PC genuinely can't at the moment. And if the hardware isn't up to much? Well, look where trying to compete on graphics quality got Sony and Microsoft.","By not trying to compete Nintendo caused their console to be completely ignored by the vast majority of developers, so they did the right thing by atleast keeping their hardware from being completely obsolete. I agree the WiiU has its purpose, but for me it has nothing. On PC the growing VR market makes what the WiiU can do look silly by comparison, although at a much higher price point of course.","Nintendo doesn't lose as much by having reduced third-party support, though, as they're still developing their own games in-house. And let's face it, the Wii was first and foremost marketed at *kids*; eight year-olds playing Wii Sports and Super Mario neither know nor care what their FPS is.","Not arguing with any of those points.","I personally have a PC, an Xbox one that was given to me as a gift (Which by no means, I am angry about. Some people would be outraged. But hey. It's a 400 dollar piece of hardware. Give or take. I don't remember the price. I am grateful of it) and a Wii u I bought refurbished a while back. I use my PC for my main driver as browsing, watching videos, playing most of my games like CSGO and others. I use my xbox to play with my console friends, whom are some of the best people I've ever met and are my best friends. Plus I play modern games on it because my PC can't handle them. Yet ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°). And my Wii U for party games and Nintendo exclusives. Because damn can Nintendo make a good game. No one should be shamed for which console they have. They have it because it's a preference. ","Nintendo also has that shitty thing where if you buy a game on the 3DS store, you have to buy the game again to play it on your WiiU.","Wii U is the only console this gen I have, when last gen I had all three. But even it only offers me a few select nintendo games that I want to play. All Ps4 has that I wanna play is bloodborne, and the xbox only has forza, but I prefer gran tourismo anyway.\n\nI wish PC had a game like forza/gran turismo actually. Only issue I have with pc gaming thus far.","isn't there a forza for PC now? I swear I read that somewhere","Forza Horizons as far as I know. Not their main series of games. I could be wrong, but... I don't know. I rather not use the windows 10 store.","Just checked, later this year Forza 6 will be out on pc. I might give it a shot then. I just hope they have VR support. But, thanks for the information! I had no idea it was coming to PC.","&gt;bloodborne ","I swear that is every PS4 owners defence to absolutely any argument. \n\n\"Hey man, your PS4 just caught on fire, burned your house down, killed your family so Sony sent out a rep to fuck your mum and laugh at you.\"\n\n\"Bloodborne\" ","Nintendo is basically not making consoles anymore. They make a different, third thing. It's cheap, fun, almost all games are exclusives, and generally bug free. They are so far from the norm that they basically make a different product.","Your joking right... You must be out of the loop, they have a new system getting ready to come out codenamed Nintendo NX that is supposedly better than both the Xbox One and the PS4.","I'm definitely out of the loop. I was just speaking as an owner of a Wii U","They already released that, it was called the Nintendo wii. They even released a better one called the wii u.","and now they are going to release the NX which is rumored to crush the xbox one and ps4","whooooooooooooosh","No.","Yes, he was suggesting that the wii is already better than Ps4 and Xbone (which it totally is, based on the games) which tratdotexe didn't understand.","That's a console... Console doesn't always have to be a bad thing.","Nintendo isn't a console, it's a toy. ","Nintendo is a company","Nintendo isn't a console, it's a company.","&gt; choose to sacrifice framerate for graphical fidelity\n\nI just realized that in a lot of cases I'd rather have 30fps and great graphics than 60fps and shit graphics","Good for you. Welcome to PC, where we can make that choice.","Well that's a bit of a late welcome. I've never owned a console and I've been gaming since 2010","Everyone is always welcome to PC.","Since 2010, huh? Welcome to gaming brother! ","When you built your first rig, did you stress test it with crysis? That game still looks incredible maxed out, and it came out in 2007. I built my first rig in 09, and first game I bought that I didn't have from laptop gaming, was crysis, just to see how my computer could run it. I miss games like that.","The thing is is that I don't have a copy of crisis 1,2 or 3 nor do I want to buy one","I was more just asking if you tested your rig with that back in the day when you first built it, because a lot of people at the time used it to benchmark their systems. Now it should be easy to run any of the three games. ","The thing is is that I started at a somewhat young age (im 13) so back when I started gaming (on a laptop) the only thing I knew about was how to launch minecraft. But about a year ago I bought myself a new computer and my next one will be a custom build","Oh. Okay, that makes a lot of sense. Well, just enjoy what you have! :)","Thanks","Hell yea! Hell I have been gaming since 1989 and still follow that philosophy. The one thing that makes me cringe are the gamers that boast about having 120fps at 4k but the game is absolutely shit. Give me 30-40fps at 720-1080 with a good game and I am all good."," Csgo would like a word with you. ","CSGO runs at damn near 1000fps on a potato. There are exceptions to the rule.","What I'm saying is that it is not fair to cringe at what you are talking about in all cases. Seeing your \"beautiful\" graphics chop away at 30fps is just as unappealing to me as low poly at 4k. That said i can see where both groups are coming from.","Not anymore :/\n\nI remember when one patch came out when I was playing on my laptop. I was doing 60-70 FPS on medium graphics, then it got patched and I had to turn *everything* as low as it could possibly go to get 50-60 FPS.","On my laptop everything on low still results in like, 20-30FPS. Shit sucks.\n\nAt least Source runs well.","Ew, don't lower your resolution unless it's the absolute last thing you have to do.","If it's the native of the Monitor it's ok, it sucks for me because my PC is pretty bad and lowering the resolution is needed for some games and playing with upscaled resolution literally gives me a headache. At least now I have a 22\" Monitor and even with the black borders the game screen is big enough to see anything.","I'm the opposite, but if it works, than hey it's your computer and experience.\n\nI think it depends on the game too. If it's something where a frame drop can kill you, then I'll take low graphics, if it's a strategy game then fuck it everything hight","Beauty is that you can get a new graphics card and not have to make that choice. ","Same with me, but I try to keep it around 40fps instead.","Which is the amazing part about PC Master Race because I chose the opposite! I'd rather have 60 FPS and low graphics than 30 FPS and high graphics. And we have that choice!","I can play MGSV at a cinematic 30fps at 4K. Scratch that. I can _run_ it at 4K30FPS, it is by no means playable. It looks fantastic, but doing anything other than walking is awful.","See I'm the other way around 60 FPS and shit graphics &gt; 30 FPS and great graphics.","How about choose to sacrifice neither graphical fidelity nor framerate. ","Just sacrifice your money instead.","Too bad some people here don't realize this. I'd rather play on my ultrabook with integrated graphics than a PS4. Not all about the graphics.","* Not deal with Sony and Microsoft's stupidity","The latter, uh... Microsoft Windows. I mean, Linux is a possibility, but there are still a lot of Windows exclusive games and programs.","\\&gt; Choose to play any game you want\n\nNot sure about this one.","At least there's no controlling entity that says \"no\" to games wanting to be on the platform. Even if a game can't get on Steam it can still be released on PC. I decide if the game is worth getting or appropriate, not Sony/Microsoft. And I'm not blocked from playing old games and told to buy a new remaster instead lol.","You see it's generalization like this that really make me cringe. Like how can this guy's view of basic logic be so skewed that he can believe that a ps4 is equal to all PCs. May I emphasize *all* PCs. Which means that he has the assumption that all PCs are the same, as in zero difference in hardware. And by him saying that it has more storage than *all* PCs we can deduce that he believes his PS4 has more storage space than one of googles servers, which is also A PC. You can't say an indevidual product is better than a range of products, its like saying '3' is greater than all numbers ranging 2 to 7. It is true in few cases, but is still false over all. It just really grinds my gears. Sorry for the rant. I really need a snack.","Looking at his profile picture has me thinking it's a troll account","But he is a console gamer so you never know","No man he's a true meme master and knows everything there is to know about everything. He's also 11.","Well technically, google's servers are not PCs because PC stands for Personal Computer... But yeah, 100% agree with you","Pfft I have 3 Google servers in my closet ","I have 3 Google servers in my Google server account.","You could put google's tech into a PC case, its not like server hardware is magically different to PC hardware (you get the point I'm trying to make), its just a different case.","Well, it's not \"just a different case\", there's actually a lot of different stuff, but yeah, the point of my comment is only to denote the difference between \" Personal Computer\" and \"Computer\". Servers and PCs are both Computers, but a Server is not a PC, and a PC (in most cases) is not a Server.","I know theres different hardware itself, with different standards and requirements (hence the note), but I think by now people have started to ignore what PC even stands for, its just a poorly made term for the platform as a whole. Similar to how Dota/Moba are both terrible descriptions for the genre, but people still go with it because its more of a word than an acronym at this point.","3 is greater than an infinite ammount of numbers from 1 to 7","Infinities can be bigger or smaller than each other however. And the infinity from 3 to 7 is much larger than the infinity from 2 to 3, so his comment is correct.","Sure, if you want to be a cunt.  \nBut looking at the context you can tell he's talking about whole numbers.","He actually said that pc has more storage... :P","My PC has the same amount of storage as a PS4... What now? ","Then it's obviously a PS4 and not a PC.","yeah, get a snickers. ","I agree with your main point but tbf Google's servers are assuredly NOT personal computers","I guess it happens with the people who believe in Apple's \"ULTIMATE PC REPLACEMENT\"...","It uses the same architecture, except that a PS4 is still very limited despite that. The hardware itself (a custom APU) *is* a PC. ","http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/583/040/cff.png","[But is it really?](http://i.imgur.com/wr4Dala.png)","There is no bait on the hook o.O","He's not *wrong*, technically - someone managed to port GNU+Linux to a PS4 a while ago (with *working graphics drivers*, since it's basically just an AMD GPU) so if you did that you could play any games ported to GNU+Linux.\n\nAs for installing new parts? Well, sounds like an interesting exercise, and I'm sure Linus could do it if we promised to let him drop it afterwards.","They could join the masterrace and install Steam on Linux.","*Looks at my PC*\n\n*Looks at my PS4*\n\nYeah...definitely not the same.","Hello gamers, look at your PS4, now back to me, now back at your PS4, now back to me. Sadly, it isn’t me, but if it stopped being a peasant and joined the PC Master Race, it could game like it’s me. Look down, back up, where are you? You’re on a boat in glorious 1440p. What’s in your hand, back at me. I have it, it’s whatever controller you want to use. Look again, the controller is now diamonds falling at 144fps. Anything is possible when you game on PC and not a console. I’m on a horse.","Delicious fresh copypasta \n\nWell done. ","Forgive him, for he may be in denial. He may be regretting his purchase, and is seeking to make himself feel better about his terrible purchase. ^^^Lol ^^^peasants","Pinto &amp; Aston Martin master race.\n\n","The PS4 is basically the same as an Atari, it's a box with chips in it.","There's chips in a PS4? Yum.\n\n\n^^^^^^^^^^/s","Doritos to be exact.","Those are crisps you silly American.\n\nYou'd do better in literacy if you were still British!   \nI fart in your general direction.","your father smelt of elderberries.","ripperino fatherino\n","But can you do your taxes on a PS4?","Playing games taxes the graphics card and processor. Does that count?","Might be able to do turbo tax online...","Fun Fact: Putting fun fact at the beginning of the comment means the 'fact' is obviously true. ^/s","Xbone and PS4 *are* just PCs. They have a x86 processor with a amd gpu bundled in a SoC. It's paired with 8gb of ram that is share between the cpu and gpu. Our computers have separate ram for cpu and gpu\n\nSo consoles now are just PCs with fancy GUI and underpowered hardware.","especially xbox one since it runs windows 10","Well, mine secondary rig is, but I paid $50 for it.","He is on the path to accend without even knowing it. Give it time and he will see the PS4 for what it really is.","This is making me cringe so hard. These people don't know the differences of the ps4 and PC. PS4 and pc master race? **Back off!**","Obvious troll...","PCaPS4MR isn't as catchy tho","I think that it should be PC + PS4 + Wii U this generation.\n\nthe PS4 has enough exclusives to make you buy it.\n\nThe Wii U is obviously the PC gamers cat.\n\nand the PC is the PC.","Personally, I prefer the Wii to the PS4 or the Wii U","But, but, but... R&amp;C....","R&amp;C as in Ratchet and Clank? Are they good again?","&gt;Implying they weren't for a while.","Poster's avatar checks out.","the fact that PCMR is actually taking this seriously is great. almost everyone here being trolled and thinking they are superior xD","I just thought it was funny that the dude's face looks like he's crazy.","Peasantry level: It's over 9000!","HOW. How are people this dumb.","My rig is sadly a bit old now (2012), but it still beats the shit out of the ps4","Even if he were right, keyboard and mouse still beat the controller in terms of responsiveness and accuracy. ","It definitely is, the human eye cannot see above 24fps 720p!\n\n###**/s**","posts like this are the reason people are often right to deride PCMR. how is everyone here taking the comment of someone with an avatar like that seriously? on youtube no less xD","Well, ps4 is now x86 with a custom os. So he is kind of correct, and most big games do come out on both platforms. But that being said, you get choice on PC, not on a locked system like the PS4.","Hey to be fair, if you own a ps4 it's technically a Personal Computer. I mean it computes stuff. Low res stuff, but still stuff.","Woooo, Thanks guys I'm on the front page!!!","being obviously trolled by some dude on youtube. what an honor. did you even look at his avatar?","\\*snigger*"]],"CrappyDesign":[["**WELCOME, PLAYER 2!**","Splitscreen has come a long way","Split Streams","Don't cross the streams, though","I did a triple cross once","Split Pee","What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup?\n\nAnybody can roast beef.","Mmm... soup's on! ","STOP STREAM LOOKING, DICK","[Four player mode](http://cdn.shutterbug.com/images/styles/960-wide/public/photopost/data/500/2982IMG_1207.JPG?itok=lvtYrWgc)","that one doesn't have a reservoir underneath...","i mean its not like piss is gonna hurt anything if it hits the dirt. its just gonna stank over there.  which is nothing new, portapotty walls are pretty rank as it is.\n\nid be more worried about some drunk trying to use it and just making a mess of it(or worse: drop a poo in it). people should not have to piss in circles like this.","I've literally never seen such a thing happening in these kind of urinals. Overflowing at the end of the festival (these are mostly used at festivals) is not uncommon if they're not emptied. But I've never seen anyone going for a shit or anything like that.\n\nAlthough, people tend to leave their empty cups in there. Leaving a piss-fillled cup in a lot of these. It's not really a big nuisance as a normal visitor,  but I can imagine it's not so pleasant for the folks cleaning everything.","i saw it once. not at an outdoor portapotty type urinal, but a standard indoor one. once you see it, you dont forget.","Um, they use these in my city so dunk people can piss","[deleted]","Now I know where urinals come from.","[deleted]","It's just gonna fill up and overflow at some point","This it's actually not so bad, the walls are high enough so that you don't make eye contact with anyone else, unlike OP's urinal","[deleted]","Finally, men can start doing pee fights to assert restroom dominance.  The arena has been set.","Assert your dominance. \"I get Mario. *You* play Luigi.\"","A New Challenger Has Arrived!","Hi there ;) ","Ignoring the awkward closeness, the best part is that there's only one flushing handle. You'd have to reach way into the other guy's personal space to flush. Heck, imagine if you were going and somebody flushed while you were using it. ","Or you finish at the same time and you touch hands...","Hands, touchin' hands  \nReachin' out,  \ntouchin' me, touchin' you","SWEEEEEEEEEEEEEET CAROLINE!\n\nOH! ⋛⋋( ՞ਊ ՞)⋌⋚ OH! ⋛⋋( ՞ਊ ՞)⋌⋚ OHHHHHHHH!","GOOD TIMES NEVER SEEMED SO GOOOOD","SO GOOD! SO GOOD! SO GOOD!","IIII FEEEL INCLIIINED","#BAP BAP BAAAAAAAAAH","TO BELIEVE THEY NEVER WOULD! ","THEN SUE CAME ALONG, LOVED ME STRO- wait fuck something isn't right here.","/r/unexpectedFenway","/r/suddenlygay","It is not gay if the balls don't touch.","Brojob time","I have several rules about my personal space.  Most importantly stay out of my personal space.","1. Personal space\n1. Personal space\n1. Stay out of my personal space!!\n1. Keep away from my personal space!!\n1. Get out of that personal space!\n1. Stay away from my personal space!!\n1. Keep away from dat personal space!!\n1. Personal space\n1. Personal space","Took me awhile to remember where I heard this :)","Source?\n","https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DfmDuOxcN8","&gt;[**Rick and Morty - Personal Space [1:19]**](http://youtu.be/2DfmDuOxcN8)\n\n&gt;&gt;I own nothing...\n\n&gt; [*^U³*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCG-ArXZRD5LlrsRKJZ2WjVQ) ^in ^People ^&amp; ^Blogs\n\n&gt;*^452,384 ^views ^since ^Sep ^2015*\n\n[^bot ^info](http://www.reddit.com/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)","One of the \"Rick and Morty\" cartoons.","My man!","Best reference.","This guy gets it.","Just maintain eye contact while peeing to ensure he knows not to touch you.","It's a challenge to finish before it's down flushing.","No, no, We're not ignoring the awkward closeness.  Not one bit.","If you're on left and not done yet, he reaches over, pee on his hand.","&gt; You'd have to reach way into the other guy's personal space to flush.\n\nNah, you just ask him to flush for you.","What's this flushing thing?  ELI5 please.","[deleted]","( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)","Oh hey, that's a real nice dick you got there...","Thanks, your mom says the same thing. ","just a question, are you a polymer chemist","yes how u know?","He right behind u","Dead","I know a material scientist from Clemson!","Go Tigers!!!! ","Now kith","It gets bigger when I pull on it!","My late grandfather was completely blind and was a crotchety old man that loved fucking with people, most notably his family members.  \n\nOne time my dad took him to his alma mater for a football game because he enjoyed the atmosphere despite not being able to see the game, usually wearing radio headphones to hear the commentary. Per the norm with an 80 year old man, he had to take a piss frequently.  My dad took walked him into the bathroom crowded with drunk college kids and they both had adjacent urinals.  \n\nMy grandpa (in his normal loud/resounding voice) turned his head to my dad and angled it down and yelled ***NICE DICK***.  \n\nThat day has since gone down in history.  ","\"Oh hey, is that an Apple watch?\"","This is how my parents met. ","Your mom has a special talent ","2 guys is fine too.","That's not crappy design. Piss poor design is more like it. ","/r/crapperdesign?","Was not dissapointed.","What the hell Reddit?","The ironic thing is that I just pulled that out of my ass (so to speak), without bothering to check to see if it was an actual subreddit before posting.\n\nThis has got to be rule #35, or something...","Well done. Urinal league of your own with that one. ","Piss poor for most of us, crappy for the bold.","No joke, I once had a dream that I was using one like this across from Jimmy Carter. He took a look at me and said \"Son, I don't approve of your life choices\".\n\nDreams are weird.","Being scolded by a former president for the choices you've made as you both pee... That is a hilarious visualization.","Do you have more weird dreams? Seems like a gold mine!","Well, about 5 to 7 years ago there was the one where supreme court justice Alito was chasing me around a school bus with a baseball bat... don't remember why, but I think it had something to do with immigration reform. ","You seem to have a lot of politically charged dreams","Yeah, for some reason those are the ones that are most memorable. Probably because when I wake up I'm like, what? Why was I dreaming about Arnold Schwarzenegger riding a torpedo while smoking a cigar and wearing nothing but a gold speedo and fishbowl helmet? That was another one, BTW. No overtly political themes, but he was running for Governor at the time, so...","[I'm pretty sure that one's just a japanese commercial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcfI0gf9oDc)","Hell, why stop there? Just add two more to the set, and install them in the center of the restroom, making a kind of circular pissing fountain.","Or better yet, just dig a hole in the middle of the floor for people to pee in.","NSFW?? [Efficiency at it's best](http://imgur.com/0rEwIen.jpg). Great for ~~comradery~~ camaraderie!\n\n*thanks for the correction, when I looked up the word for spelling, it showed up on Merriam-Webster's page, thus adding to the confusion. Can they both be used? [comradery](http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/comradery)","It's \"camaraderie\".","They have these 4-sided urinals on the street in Amsterdam. They are tall though so there's no chance of accidental eye contact with the guy across from you. ","You could say the same about [this toilet](http://i.imgur.com/G7oQWYM.jpg)","What about [this urinal?](http://i.imgur.com/YVP8RHA.jpg)","That one is for /u/doubledickdude","I just spent the last half hour reading about a guy with two dicks.\n","You're officially one of us now. ","Deja vu","Got the drink in me going backkkkkk to back","That's clearly for the fabled \"number four,\" where two people crap at the same time while holding hands","The *love toilet*","Why is the second toilet's seat removed and laid across the top of the first toilet seat?\n\nWhy are there so many half-full rolls of toilet paper?\n\nSo many unanswered questions...","It's so you can kiss.","while you piss!","\"Please stop looking into my eyes\"","\"Never\" ","\"I can see it in your eyes\n\nI can see it in your smile\"","Fear.\n\nWhat you see is fear.","No one seem to have mentioned this, the urinal goes all the way down to the floor. So, ignoring the awkward closeness to the other guy, and one flushing handle, does this mean your piss will eventually reach the floor and touch your feet?","The orange thing in the middle of the urinal is where the drain is. Looks like there's one drain split in half. ","yeah it looks like its upside down","Thank you! I was looking for a drain and I didn't see it. Where does the pee go???","There's a drain in the middle. There's a pipe below the floor that takes it away.","I like how you can see the part of the tile that's eroded from piss on the floor","I was going to ask about this.  I've never used a urinal, but it seems like this design would be super messy.  Wouldn't this have a high risk of splashing on your shoes?"," I can imagine it happening with less than ideal aim, but it's better than the other kind where getting too close to it results in your pants touching the piss covered edge. ","It does if you don't stand right, but urinals that go to the floor have the advantage of working for people of any height, so they're good for schools.","This was specifically designed for /u/DoubleDickDude.","I just spent the last half hour reading about a guy with two dicks. ","You're officially one of us now. ","The angles are wrong, though, unless they curl around like chelicerae.","Like who? ","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chelicerae\n\nWarning: link contains pictures of spiders; may give heebie-jeebies.","I'll pass. \n\n\nBesides I think I saw Chelicerie on Judge Judy last night. ","Only on reddit do we have to give trigger warnings for spiders.","Tight dick playa.","\"Nice watch.\"","'sup bro?'","I bet the design brief was \"make urinals an inclusive and sociable event\"","NC would ban these","Id be ok with that. ","Here is a word cloud of every comment in this thread, as of this time: http://i.imgur.com/xYtxyuy.png\n\n---\n\n[^[source ^code]](https://github.com/Winneon/makeswordclouds) [^[contact ^developer]](https://reddit.com/user/WinneonSword) [^[request ^word ^cloud]](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=makeswordcloudsagain&amp;subject=Requesting%20word%20cloud.&amp;message=%2Bcreate%20REPLACE_THIS_WITH_A_REDDIT_POST_PERMALINK)","&gt;Video directly\n\n... let's not, please","I'm inclined to say this is actually quite clever - service for two with a single water line and a single drain - and there's even a built in guard to prevent distracted cross splashing! This is probably most useful for alpha males, the ones that stare directly into your eyes while they urinate anyway.","[deleted]","He was literally doing that to fuck with you and to assert his dominance.\n\nHe might as well have asked you how your divorce is going or to tell you that he needs to speak to you in his office as soon as you're finished...","But other urinals that are separated still only use a single water line and single drain line that splits a foot apart for each one.","\"Can you hold this?\"","Someone must have done a parody video where a dude walks up to this square on and pees a wicked strong stream at that center divider thing and it splashes everywhere.\n\nShowerthought:  this design could be very popular in gay bars...  \n\nHere come the golden quips...","I've been to quite a few gay bars. They actually tend to favor stadium-style trough urinals backed by mirrors. ","Was this custom made for the guy with 2 dicks? ","[don't cross the streams!](https://hollywoodhatesme.files.wordpress.com/2011/11/streams.jpg)","Beam splitter","This is for that after sex pee","Pissing on your friends.....#JustBoyThings","If your hands touch when you try to flush, it could be the start of a beautiful romance. ","In case anyone is in desperate need to try this toilet, it's in the restroom at the House on the Rock, Wisconsin.","That explains everything.","Damn Clever.\n\nBuilding's occupancy ratings are based also on the number of male and female bathrooms. a urinal counts as 1/2 toilet in life safety codes. In the states, 1 toilet = 250 men or 125 women.\n\nYou could have a night club with a 6000 sq ft dance floor, but if you have only two toilets government agencies in charge won't issue a C.O, for the full potential.","I'm curious about what's happening when you cross the streams...","The universe folds in upon itself ","Dogs and cats living together","MASS HYSTERIA \n","Never cross the streams!","Looks like the ones from the Sochi Olympics","Urinall","I often wonder if the people that design public restrooms have *ever* actually used one. ","Alright! Now I can gaze into a perfect strangers eyes while I take a piss. Maximum awkwardness achieved!","don't make eye contact don't make eye contact","might as well just pee on the floor","Not for the shy bladder type.","So many urinals on this sub...\n\nHOW HARD IS IT TO DESIGN A PROPER GODDAMN URINAL?","#never cross the streams!","As long as you don't cross the streams you should be OK.","I can smell it from here.","It's for encouraging \"sword fighting\"! ","At first I was just hoping there was a mirror and it was an optical illusion. ","Eiffel Shower","\"Hey why did you flush that I wasn't done\"","...is that a dead fish in the right side?","Finally! You can look in the eye and say \"hi\" to your neighbor!","At least it's not made slightly different to fit into a corner.","I love the sad excuse for a \"divider\" on the front. That's the best part.","LET THE DUELS BEGIN! ","What's also strange is that you have to approach this thing on a diagonal in order to use it. If you pee from the front, you'll have a bad day.","Can't you just face another direction and bend your wiener around?","I think between your thighs might be easier than around","I'm just gonna guess you're not a man.","Who in the fuck thought this was a good idea????","I would totally use this","Ah yes, because the only thing stopping me from sharing a urinal before was the fear of crossing the streams.","This is actually a great design.\n\nYou only need 1 set of rough-ins, 1 fixture, 1 drain line and 1 faucet. If the washroom only have 1 existing urinal and have the room, you can retro fit with this with minimum alterations to existing plumbing. It is a great way to keep cost to the minimum.","From a utilitarian standpoint, maybe. But from a humanistic one, it's downright dreadful.\n\nGood designs have to accommodate both.","Further than the awkward proximity, I'd like to underline the \"piss on your neighbor's shoes\" kind of feel here","I can only go with deep eye contact.","For the guy with two dicks. ","Ah yes, the short lived buddy urinal.","Just pissing on each others shoes. ","Don't cross the streams\n","Where's that two dick guy?  This is for him.","Awkward urinal, or friendly urinal?","I spent time in, shall we say, a dormitory setting that had side by side full-length urinals. I felt an urgency one day, stepped up beside a guy who was already pissing in one and he freaked out and jumped away. Not done, bro, was his message. So why have two side-by-side at all? This thing takes that paranoia even further.","\"sup\"","The wallpaper looks like the album art for Clams Casino's Instrumentals Part 2","BCM compliant. ","I actually see urinals like this at festivals pretty often. It's small and efficient.","A guy did not design this.  It forces eye contact and increases the chances of hand touching, and no buffer urinal.  This are two of the cornerstones of the Guys Rules to the Bathroom.  ","That moment when you both reach for the flusher at the same time and touch hands, then slowly make eye contact.","So....If you were to use this, on the left, with a stranger, do you flush when you finish or wait for the other guy to finish? ","I had to use one like that at a wedding venue in vancouver. It used to be an old police station or government building of some sort. Hella weird though.","\"There's something very important that I forgot to tell you. Don't cross the streams.\"\n\n\"Why?\"\n\n\"It would be bad.\"","Why not?","Since nobody else answered you, it's a reference to ghost busters","More like piss poor design.","Two dicks dude?","Would you prefer them to be pissing on the streets instead? I would much rather see these everywhere instead of smelling piss everywhere.  ","i mean im not saying its a terrible thing and nobody should use them, im just saying there is potential for mischief with them. someone dropping a dook in it like i said earlier might have been a rare example, but they also dont look like theyd be too hard to flip over. in addition to people leaving old beer cans and junk in them like has been mentioned.\n\nalso note the lack of privacy. you and your friends can all stand around the 4 player Shootout and chat it up all face to face while voiding your bladders, if that appeals to you. but if i had a choice between the piss totem and a standard portapotty, id go classic unless i was desperate.","It's as tall as the porta-pottys in the background, unless you and your 3 friends are shaq, you won't be seeing over top of it.\n\nAlso, you won't be taking a crap in it due to the fact everybody around will clearly see what you are doing.","Portable Toilet Services sounds like a sick band name.","Urinal dad: Son we need to talk.","Silly me thought this was to wash your hands... Then no. I see two guys using it.","\"Ha you have a small dick dude.\"\n\n\n\"Fuck off Dave, stay on your side of the urinal.\"","'Aven't yew got work?","I thought it was \"I've been blind... To believe they never would\". I like your version better though.  ","Lol","/r/nocontext ","You flush urinals!? I always just thought they flush automatically. ","Well, some do, if you see a black, square piece of plastic next to or instead of the lever, then it's automatic. (The sensor is behind the plastic)","You sound like a man that doesn't appreciate a good gang bang.","Isn't your gym getting renovated, or something?","I'm sorry.","Sorry for what? Our daddy taught us not to be ashamed of our dicks.","It's good to know I'm not the only one here to know this. But maybe not.","[deleted]","She uses a shee-wee","Are you, like, gay? Not that there's anything wrong with that, and shit","Thank God you're here, Moderately-Uncomfortable-About-Other-People's-Sexuality Man! ","Quick, to the Mumbling-Conversation-and-Averted-Eyes-Mobile!","Off to foil another plot by that nefarious mastermind, Dr. Normal-Everyday-Conversation!","This is the first time I ever upvoted something on that subreddit, and that upvote arrow is fucking confusing! At first I wasn't sure whether I up-, or downvoted you. So, good job crappily-designing it to whoever did the subreddit design, I guess. ","I used RES so I'd never actually seen the subreddit style. Turned it on out of curiosity, nearly had an aneurysm, turned it straight off again. Well played, /r/CrappyDesign. Well played. ","Are you like, twelve? Or just an ignorant adult that forgot to mature? (And BTW, there's *plenty* wrong with the latter of those two options) ","and shit. ","124 (or so) butt-hurt motherfuckers (you are one of them), and a couple people who can take a joke.  Yes, it's OK to laugh.  No, you don't get that, nor do the other 124 tight-assed motherfuckers, but at the end of the day (don't you enjoy that saying?)   you are all butt-hurt over some words on the internet.\n\nAnd I am not.  Stick that in your mature asshole and smoke it.","Sure, you're not \"butt hurt\" you're merely crying and whining about people calling you out. Okay. ","How 'bout that, we agree on something.  Ain't life grand ?","No, but I'm pretty sure he thought I was, and that's why he said it. I wouldn't think of Jimmy Carter as the kind of guy to hate on gays, but apparently dream me thinks otherwise?","Reminds me of basic training.","Not quite a \"[Love Toilet](http://www.nbc.com/saturday-night-live/video/the-love-toilet/n10153)\".","Ohhhh! Thank you. Lol ","Hence the wiener-bending joke.","I would rather use one of these vs those european stainless steel trough urinals without dividers.  And this is probably a great design if you're tight on space but still need enough room for a ADA compliant bathroom.  Those old buildings have the craziest fixtures in bathrooms.  I'm my extremely old grade school they had urinals built into the wall and floor","More like... PissyDesign....\n\nI'll show myself out","Piss poor design man... You had one job","Might as well just piss in the floor.","r/pissydesign","You definitely have a good point there but think of the alternative...  There is never enough public bathrooms around so the choice is in something like this or in the doorway of some business.  I think we can all get past the awkwardness of seeing another guy while we pee to keep our streets from smelling like piss...  It's a small price to pay! ","The urinal for couples!","Urinal for two.","From the makers of the [Love Toilet](http://www.nbc.com/saturday-night-live/video/the-love-toilet/n10153)","...w.......wow.......","This in a bar? Nothing is awkward if you're drunk enough.","I wonder if this was designed for gay bars","Dude. Crappy design my ass. This is primed for laser beam war/sword fighting. This is glorious design.","You guys are looking at it all wrong. This isn't for two people to use at once. It's a backup. If one toilet is out of order you still have a working one. (Unless the flush mechanism breaks, then you're SOL.)\n\nSame when you have two toilets or urinals next to eachother without a dividing wall. It's just a backup toilet.","BROTHER!","Crappy design indeed.","I'd say it's a piss-poor design.","Now kiss!","This would be great, in a gay bar.  Amiright?","Is this at a gay bar?","This doesn't happen to be in Grand Rapids, MI, does it?","Now we can both piss on the floor!","These guys wouldn't mind: NSFW: http://jaimelapisse.tumblr.com/post/141889412482/twitter-pissandlove","For gay couples who want to do EVERYTHING together.","Sooooo where's double dick guy at? ","Hey, at least it has a divider. It's already better than some urinals I've used","Diurnal?","R/pissydesign"],["For anyone wondering this book is called *Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?* written by Philip K. Dick. I'm guessing this company has an automatic labeling system which unfortunately in this case caused the OP's picture.","That's a pretty neat title, actually.  \n[Relevant Pokemon](http://img.pokemondb.net/artwork/mareep.jpg)","yeah it's actually my favourite book. Pretty neat.","I have not read it. What's it about?","Ever seen Blade Runner? It was based on this book.\n\nChrist, I just realized that probably came out before most of the people here were born. Fuck, I'm old.","Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep is a pretty ubiquitous book, I'm shocked that people here don't know about it ","That... doesn't mean much.  \nI've seen older things. Heck, I *own* older things.","Not a judgement on you, just hadn't realized how long ago Blade Runner came out until I thought about it . My initial thought was hey, everyone's seen Blade Runner! And at one time that would have been mostly true, it was an iconic movie. But then I realized that no, people born after it came out probably haven't.  I've seen some movies that came out before I was born, but not many. That's especially true of genres like scifi, which tends not to age as well. My guess is a lot of people today have heard of it and know it's a classic, but they've never sat down and watched it.","I'd say a lot of sci-fi has actually aged extremely well. Christ I'd argue *2001: A Space Odyssey* has one of the most realistic depictions of a sci-fi setting in any movie, and that came out in 1968!","True. It's probably that my opinion on that has been affected by the rise of CGI. IME, most CGI has a shelf life of ~10-15 years before it starts to look dated and cheesy. Old-school matte paintings and models can hold up surprisingly well if they're done right. But yeah, 2001:ASO is fucking great. Also a scifi movie I've seen that was made before I was born, so maybe my original idea was bullshit. I actually haven't seen Blade Runner in years, I should watch it and see how it's held up.\n\nThen again, this may be another example of me showing my age.","A good example of a sci-fi that combines practical effects with CGI effectively is Ex Machina. It also happens to be a great film.","I mean, to me it's shocking to think that Pokemon X and Y could be someone's first Pokemon game.  \nOr that people in High School have never seen a Gameboy Advance.  \n  \nAlthough that might not be entirely true. I mean, I grew up with a ton of old junk.","Such a good movie though and book.","The movie adaptation is called *Blade Runner.* It's one of my top 5 favorite movies.","I've heard of it. I should watch that once.","Make sure when you do you watch the final cut. The others are kind of weird","Okay. I'll keep it in mind.","the title is a a bit strange, humans don't dream of sheep, the old saying goes, \"if you can't sleep try _counting_ sheep,\" not dream about the blessed things. ","I guess. But that doesn't flow as well, now does it?","\"If Androids Can't Sleep Do They Try Counting Electric Sheep?\" That sounds more like a joke book than a work of serious science fiction. ","Exactly.  \nI'm trying my hardest to think of a comparable situation where a book had a slightly unfitting name because it sounded better.","Interestingly enough, Mareep was said to be based on Dolly the sheep and also an electric type because of the title of this book. http://didyouknowpokemon.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/00031b.png","&gt; Dolly the sheep\n\nI hardly see the connection.  \nElectricity: science  \nSheep+science=Dolly.","It was more related to an interview that was conducted.","&gt; conducted\n\nOh, now it makes sense.","&gt; unfortunately","If anyone didn't know yet, it's Blade runner (well, the book that inspired it) ","Is it some kind of pornographic adaptation?","I'd watch that for the plot!","Dick deckard is tasked with finding the replicunts before their built in incest date.","Funny, but not crappy design","I think that's the name of the sub now","Yep, nevermind https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/4g5ut8/this_is_not_the_title_of_the_book/","It's Richmond homie, we all dream of dick. ","I imagine this showing up on /r/funny soon","If so, are they origami? ","r/softwaregore","I see you there VCU student.","The movie based on that book is titled Hard Boner ","I borrowed a book of Phillip's short stories from the library (unfortunately they didn't have this one).\n\nFelt a bit weird looking for Dick in a library.","https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27uqGzvdM2o","No, because synths aren't people! Ad victoriam!"],["Red print fades to yellow in the sun so it was most likely it has been outside for a long time and has subsequently been sun bleached.","its still funny though, their attempt at making it stand out more actually backfired horribly","Please DO NOT be an idiot."]],"Showerthoughts":[["Oh my God, you're so right.","It's crazy!   I think the reason is that 8 hours is so minuscule while 1/3 of your life is an indeterminate amount of time. \n\nBut, a year... We all know the amount of time in a year so it becomes more real.  ","Has anyone done sleep-to-work-effectiveness studies yet? I assume *someone* must have...\n\nI sleep on average probably six hours a night even though I'd rather have eight. So I'm shorting myself an hour or two. But that means (at the high end) I might sleep three months of the year rather than four.\n\nIt sounds like a good deal but am I a sloppier worker than Bob who sleeps four months per year??","That is a really good question; you could for instance make comparisons and maybe see that long term Bob is more efficient because of health effects, motivation etc. but short term you would be outputting more work. A bit like 6 hour vs 8 hour work days.\n\nAs long as you stay productive/fulfill your life during that extra \"month\" then it's most likely worth it, especially if your health is largely unaffected.","i'm in a similar situation. i usually sleep for 5-6 hours because i stay up late looking at political blogs and fingering my asshole","Wow. At the same time?","it gets me really aroused when i see the phrase \"taxation is theft\"","I want to hear more","'Don't steal, the government hates competition.'","taxation is theft taxation is theft taxation is theft.","Aaaaand i need to clean my keyboard. ","Semenpenis and albinovagina at it again.","I feel as if he's my soulmate, but he hasn't replied :(","I can't speak for him but I'm guessing the answer is...\"is there any other way?? \"","I thought that was a requisite. Am I reading blogs wrong?","Ah, I see you share the same hobby as the average politician. ","That took an unexpected turn.","Username checks out","This a dangerous thought process, though, and probably a waste of time to consider.\n\nDo you want to sleep away 1/3 of your life so that you can be a better *worker* to someone else for another 1/3 of your life? \n\nNo, that's not the answer here. I'd rather sleep 6 hours, 4 hours, or none at all and be a shitty worker enjoying my life, or be someone using those extra hours to start a business or learn ways to follow my dreams.\n\nI'm not saying to stay up all night if you have a huge client meeting or something in the morning, I'm just mentioning that the \"typical\" mindset of working 8 hours, sleeping 8 hours is not a static situation. It is a very dynamic one.\n\nI'm high and passionate right now.","So if you're working for yourself does your view change","Yes, if you are working for yourself you are either following your passion or doing it for profits/flexibility.","Let's have this chat again when you're not high or passionate ","if you're high on jenkem, tell me where you get your supplies. my buddy who used to provide pretty quality shits just developed IBS","Nah, screw you. I go to bed early and often sleep 8 or more hours. It's the only time I don't have to be stressed about anything, it gives me energy, and it makes me happier in life.\n\nIf you stood over my bed and told me that I have to start sleeping only 6/4 hours a day so I can put more time into being productive, I'd hit you with my pillow and go back to bed. If you don't want to hate your life, get the sleep you need.\n\nI hated school because sleep was sometimes something I had to neglect. I think people should see sleep as something way more important and healthy, rather than something we should cut away at so we can continue our attempts at human efficiency. ","I do like sleeping. You say we shouldn't cut down on sleep to continue attempts on human efficiency, I'm saying that we shouldn't focus on getting a specific amount of sleep, we should focus on enjoying our waking time. A good way to enjoy waking time is to not be working. The only way to not work is to have a lot of money, or get paid to do something you consider enjoyable. Getting to either of those 2 points IMO should be important to everyone, it's just that getting to that point probably means you have to miss out on sleep sometimes.","It depends on person. I need to get more or else I am horrible depressed and my productivity is even lower.","Different people are able to run on different amounts of sleep.  With the right genetic makeup and training, you could probably feel refreshed after three hours of sleep, which I believe would give you two full REM cycles.","There's a lot of evidence that sleep debt has major effects on both cognitive performance and health, and [some studies](http://www.uphs.upenn.edu/news/news_releases/2014/03/veasey/) even suggest there could be lingering effects or permanent damage even after you catch up.\n\nAnd a good night's sleep isn't enough to catch up. You need to keep sleeping in until you can wake up without an alarm clock. It's probably not 1:1 (if you've missed an hour of sleep a night for 100 days, you don't need to get 100 hours of extra sleep), but no one really knows the ratio. I've heard one sleep researcher say 3:1  just as a guess.\n\nSee [this CDC report](http://www.cdc.gov/features/dssleep/) for a starting point.\n\nBear in mind not everyone actually needs eight hours of sleep. Some need more, some need less; it's not even clear where that number came from. But it sounds like you do need more, or at least have a sleep debt you need to catch up on.","I think I read a study that 8 hours was the least optimal amount of sleep to get. I try to get 6.5-7 hours a night.","Pretty sure Kramer did that. ","That means you slept for 12 years if you are 36.","If you only sleep 6 hours, by 36 your consciousness is the same age as as someone who is 40-41 and sleeps 8.","mind = blown","But imagine how much more time you'd have if you were awake for 8 months straight instead of losing 8 hours each night... kinda balances out","A different perspective can change everything.","Personally, I get all my years sleep out of the way during the winter.","How do you bear it?","Heh","How does this get gold? Wat","reddit is a mystery","Drugs, that's why","Ha","There ain't enough room in this comment for the two of us","Here, have a Reddit [silver](http://i.imgur.com/NkcCsFf.jpg)","Nice try.","It's not fur everybody. ","Oh my god, that means the average person sleeps for 26 years.","If somebody ever figures out a pill of some kind that can rewire the brain to be in a relaxed state as if it had a well rested sleep without needing to sleep (probably just have to lie down, take pill, and nap for all of five minutes), will be rich as fuck. Sleep is basically downtime. You can gain 26 more years of stuff to do. (Mostly Reddit).","Yeah but then companies would increase work hours, have 12, 14, 16 hours be the norm. \n\nSo it would be pointless anyway, you'd still end up having the same amount of free time, but at least you'd save up for retirement quicker, if you're being paid hourly.","In some industries, sure. Nursing would be a big one. There's already plenty of nurses working 18 hour stretches with just a small nap.","Well as long as I'm still getting paid by the hour that's fine by me.","But everything else becomes more expensive... Just like how as dual income became the norm in families, you can no longer typically support a family with just one income... ","Shit","Sleep is not just a \"turn off\" button.\nThere are complex yet unexplained processes in sleep.\nIt is fundamental for learning and settling down all meaningful experiences as well as erasing non useful stuff from the brain.\nPlus dreams and nightmares, they are innate to the human being and yet unexplained. They surely play an important role in life. You just cant get rid off sleep without getting rid off part of your humanity. ","My brain sure likes to erase a lot of stuff. ","But i like sleeping","Except sleeping isn't just a thing your brain needs. Your whole body resets for the next day. ","But your body gets that rest because of the chemicals released by the brain during sleep. So if you could safely simulate that process while you're awake and possible just in a state of relaxation (eg watching a movie), then holy shit.","Or, ya know, adderall.","I love/hate adderall. I have a script, and take it every so often. I can be the most productive, energetic person in the world, but when it wears off I get pissy and really tired. I wouldn't say the good outweighs the bad, because the good is fucking great and the bad is pretty awful.","I used to take adderall, and i could work for literal hours straight, no breaks, no food, no going to the bathroom. The problems were I would straight up forget to eat, sleep 2-3 hours a night, and I felt like I was another person watching my own body do all of this stuff. It was weird and to this day I am afraid of taking ADHD meds because I hated that feeling so much.","Vyvanse doesn't give me that feeling","I actually think that was the one that gave me the out-of-body feeling, lol. I couldn't remember its name. By any means, it is not something that I'm willing to try again any time soon.","It's strange, I always hear this, but Adderall never gives me energy. It calms me down and mellows me out. This is why I take it off course. I may not be as fast as I was at my job because of it, but at least in not yelling random crap and going off and fucking around.","Same dude. I had it prescribed and it worked great for a few months, then it slowly turn me into an angry, teeth grinding asshole. ","You should take drug vacations.  Which is not as much fun as it sounds.","I didn't take mine today and fell asleep writing this comment ","Now take that and multiple times 65 and you get meth ","Modafinil","I've been trying to get some but I could never get my hands on it :/ Adderall on the other hand, works great, and I know where to get it. But I hear Modafinil is way better ","It is. Neither have i, a friend ate the last pill that was supposedly for me. Is just like being Eddie Morra. ","It just sucks that I can't try it at least once. Like if it's better than Adderall, and Adderalls already amazing, then it must be good ","Where do you even get it?","Adderall or Modafinil? ","Any, both?","Found the cop^ ","The cop that moderates a porn subreddit haha \n\nCheck out r/freeuse, you might like it ;)\n\nBut no, I really want to know where I can get my hands on this. PM me?","Steroids make athletes stronger, but it's still banned in most sports.","Which is a shame, imo.","Not really,  If they were unregulated,  people would start taking, more and more. You couldn't even compete if you weren't pumping these drugs into you.","Would be cool if there was a separate league for all sports where steroids are legal and anything goes. Just to see what the human body is capable of with a little help from chemistry.","Straight up, honestly, there would be a *lot* of dying. Many people even under regulation push their bodies well past where they should with steroids and bodybuilding, to raise the restrictions would be to allow people to kill themselves for sport.\n\nAnd I agree it'd be a blast and I want to see it happen. Just that there there would be a lot more deaths in this environment than our current one. And that would be *sad*.","Steroids dont help tendons get strong enough compared to muscle, though it would be cool to see there would be 5x the injurys. Fuck it lets try it anyway, maybe we will see someone so strong they dislocate their own leg like bo jackson again","They all still take them. ","Yeah I think it's called meth. ","Apparently, even the simplest life-forms have cycles of activity/downtime - so it's some pretty fundamental biochemistry (not even neurochemistry) we're talking about re-engineering here.\nIt's said to be the quantity and quality of cycles you make between REM and deep sleep that leaves you feeling refreshed.\n","Indeed, it *would* be mostly Reddit. :-/","Basically that one American Dad episode.","Can't wait for the average working week to double! ","In reality you will spend most of that time working, just imagine all those profits your boss's boss is missing out on otherwise. ","I just finished reading Terrence McKenna's The Invisible Landscape. When he and his brother traveled to the Amazon and took Ayahuasca, his brother didn't sleep for many days and felt no fatigue afterwards. Psychedelics have so much research potential and I think we are going to see them become a very important part of human society when the war on drugs comes to an end. ","I am 26. I've been asleep my whole life.","me_irl","So if you actually slept 7 hours a day instead you'd gain 3 1/4 years of waking life. Sounds good to me","And if I have the same trouble with sleep throughout my life as I do now, then I will have spent nearly 6 years restless. ","And this is why you need a good mattresses.","what, so I can spend even more time sleeping because it's so comfy?","True, but that would mean being constantly awake for 8 months, which makes it a little less insane. ","This almost seems crazier to me","This thread is extremely dank right now","but you dont have to say that","you don't have to say the inverse in the OP either haha","Russian Sleep Experiment ","Really makes you question your time management. [Like this guy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lm57qo3eYe8)","I just discovered my new weird hero. ","that sly af ending too","How do you know if you're inside or outside of a gate &amp; should push or pull? I need a video to save the precious times. ","i wish i could sleep those 4 moths all at once that would mean i could skip winter and not have to sleep the rest of the year","bears are geniuses ","Well, not really though, because don't bears work a bunch to sleep away some months of a year, and then sleep like normal the rest of the year as well?","That sounds even better.","Fuck that, I'm skipping summer.\n\nI hate having my shower made pointless as soon as I step outside and begin to sweat.","Totes, you can always put more clothing on. You can't always take it off.","20+ years sleeping is a fucked up thought ","It's even scarier to realize I'm probably years behind. ","Imagine if you could sleep all those hours in a row and stock up your energy for the next eight months.","Holy Shit, this means I've probably spent a month masturbating while lookin at random shit on reddit","You will waste even more time working for money. ","Yeah, let's say you are 20 years old, you sleep 8 hours, work 7 hours (to account for vacation and retirement) and do all the other things like showering, eating, laundry, washing, driving and shopping in 3 hours. Then you will have left 6 hours or 25% of your time at your disposal. If you live another 80 years, these are just 20 years of that time. Of course you are already spending them wisely.. or do you?","The trick is to find a job that you love. Easy peasy.","Even more strangely, that's not considered reason for outrage.","Or 25 years if you live to 75","Or 27 years if you live to 81","Meth: getting you 3 of those 4 months back every year. ","and also getting some nice teeth.","That's why I meth. Sleep is for the weak. Now if you will excuse me I have to get these damn bugs off my body.","Cthulhu takes a 400-million year slumber every 1.2 billion years.","`YourAge / 3` is how many years you've slept so far. ","I like this.  Ingenious. ","A rough estimate but sure. Some people sleep 10-12 hours on weekends. Or someone who works long hours might sleep 5-7 hours on weekdays.","And this is why I only sleep 4 hours a day. I'm still sleeping 2 months a year...fuck! ","FYI 8 hrs is the recommended amount of sleep for growing children.\n\nIf you are done growing you are oversleeping 1 Month a year.","I should probably sleep less then... Already having trouble finding clothes that fit.","A while back, in a thread about reasonable ways to spend your money, I mentioned that I'd spent a few thousand on a really comfortable bed because \"I plan to spend about three years of my life on that thing\". I got a bunch of people asking me confused questions - why are you planning to just lie in bed for three years?!\n\nMuch explaining was done in that thread.","I'm 32. My grandma is 95. She's spent my entire life sleeping. ","We're also working for the government four months out of every year. Happy Tax Freedom Day! (I think I need a nap.) ","Look at this guy with his 8 hours a night....","And now think about the time you spend moving from and to your workplace, sitting inside a car or some bus/train. Then add the time you spend at work.","Even freakier for me, I spend anything from 9-13 hours in bed a day...","being awake for 8 months sounds worse.","/r/me_irl","/r/meirl is better","Or, if you live to be 75, 25 years of your life was spent asleep.","Great math!","At work, we like to discuss pay and taxes in this context.  We don't actually start getting paid until a few months into the year.","I take joy in that. ","This is why i hate sleeping. That and other things, but still, If i could function without sleep, that'd be great. ","One of the benefits of joining the military is you get reduce that number closer to 3 months. 2 if you're super special!","\"benefits\"- good one","That's why when I bit 3 months of sleep in any calendar year, I stop sleeping until Jan 1.","Humans do hibernate. Just a little bit at a time until it adds up over the whole year","Similarly, about 10% of the world's population is illiterate. That doesn't sound like much, but that means that 700 million people, or a country with more than twice the population of the United States, cannot read or write.","So, 1/3 of the people in Africa? That's not too surprising.","It sounds a little less insane when you imagine staying awake 24/7 for the other 8 months.","Think about if that was an option. You could go into hibernation for 4 months and then stay awake all day every day for the other 8. I'd love that.","A similar thought process helped me realize how terrible my daily commute was (1 hour each way). 2 hours a day 5 days a week meant I spent 40 hours each month sitting in my car pissed off about traffic. This eventually made me decide that it was worth paying more to live close to work. Reduced my commute to about 10 minutes. It can be very useful to look at things this way sometimes.","User name doesn't check out.","The crazy part is when you discover you slept 6 years","Yesterday I read that sleep is the natural state and waking is a disruption of the natural state of sleep for the body.","Cat owners would not be surprised by that","Where did you read this? So curious","I didn't read it but I would assume that it has something to do with getting food, finding shelter and warmth, reproducing and caring for young are all ultimately done for two reasons: to continue the species and to ultimately sleep.  Once you fulfill all of those tasks, you sleep. \n\nHowever I would have to disagree, bc one can easily categorize sleep as part of the basic needs needed to reproduce, which we all know is the purpose, ultimately, of life (to pass on DNA)","I don't know a lot of people who actually get 8 hours of sleep though","Maybe it makes sense... sometimes I feel like years fly by like nothing... Oops there goes 2016... we're almost half way thru!!\n\nWow this one made me think a bit, nice shower thought :P ","More insane than saying you would be awake for 8 straight months?","Not as insane as spending eight months with no sleep!","I think about the amount of time I spend doing daily things and how much of my life I've lost. A 30 minute commute everyday you work will be a year of your life spent driving to work before you retire. ","I need a better bed.","Well, I love sleeping and we all need rest. It's comprehensible.\nThink that we're doing things nonstop 8 months a year.","Wow.. That means over the course of my average expected life span, I'd have I only lived a year of my life. \n\nI need to figure out a way to sleep less and be more productive","NOW also subtract all the time you spend in the bathroom. ","That also means you're awake for 8 months, though, which is a pretty long time to stay up ","Sure but what if I told you if you slept those 4 months straight, you would also be awake for 8 months without sleeping","Who in fuck gets 8 hours of sleep?","But who actually gets 8 hours of sleep a night?","That's what makes it worse...","I get no more than 6. I feel like crap if I sleep more than that. ","Well, it wouldn't be 4 months consecutively.","Best 4 months of the year. ","I honestly envy people who reliably get 8 hours of sleep at night.","TIL bears are more efficient because they get their months out of the way all at once.\n\n(Yes I'm aware bears sleep outside of hibernation. It's a joke)","Son... I sleep 12 hours a day, I'd be so damn happy to sleep an entire 6 months at a time, to be awake the other 6 consecutively. ","So your asleep 10 days of the month. 2 days of the week?","Hey!  If you're interested, feel free to take my casual sleep survey.  http://goo.gl/forms/fwSN5vZf5I","This is why robots will eventually take over the human race.\n\nWe'll all be too busy sleeping.","As shocking as that is, we could have had it worse. The brown-throated sloth sleeps between 15-18 hours a day. That thing has virtually no life!","I only sleep around 2 months a year.","I think a third of my life sounds insane. Spending 25 years. Asleep. Seems like such a waste.","Or 3 years and 4 months out of every 10 years. Or 33 years and 4 months out of every 100 years.","Yeah, but then you are awake for 8 months of the year, what a trip. ","Lucky bastard gets 8 hours of sleep. ","Thats 3 years and 4 months every decade.","YOU SLEEP 8 HOURS A DAY???? lucky bastard","I wish I got 8 hours of sleep every night. :(","If you spend it lucid dreaming, you can have many lives during your lifetime. ","Where were they at it before?","I turn 30 in 6 days.... I've slept 10 years. ","Not really if you think about the fact that you'd be awake for 8 months straight.","Shit, I sleep at least 10-12 hours a day, not counting naps.","Oh Teeeeeed","We need to go deeper?","/r/evenwithcontext ","You sleep 8 hours a day?\n\nWhat luxurious life are you living?!","No, no, no, no. This is evolutionary. I been reading this book, on Leonardo de Vinci. See, that means 'from Vinci', d'you know that?\n\nThat must be some book.\n\nYeah, well, turns out that the master slept only twenty minutes every three hours. Now, that works out to two and a half extra days, that I'm awake\nper week, every week. Which means, if I live to be eighty, I will have lived the equivalent of a hundred and five years.","There's nothing wrong with getting high and being passionate, but you're better off if you start being passionate about work as opposed to being a shitty worker.  It might be less enjoyable now, but you will enjoy yourself more the rest of your life.","I had the same feeling when I saw that I played WoW for a month. Yeah, I sat at my computer for a month's worth of time playing that game.","I think it's because when you say you sleep 4 months of a year your brain automatically sees the other 8 months as normal months, as in days where you also sleep. It does so for me at least.","Iirc there was something like that,  but it found that you needed to take 2 hour naps every 6 hours to be really effective. ","And this is why I sleep 6h per night, easy from Monday to Friday as I wake up at 6am. Sat/Sun are harder 😑...\nBut at least if I sleep only 1/4 of my life instead of 1/3, it represents **years** at the end where I did things like... watching movies or read reddit!","So we're only awake for 8 months? Sounds like hibernation to me.","It's much better sleeping eight.  I myself used to sleep six hours a night, would feel tired and \"cranky\" and just not as social.\n\nI now sleep eight and love it.  I don't feel like shit waking up in the morning, I don't have to worry about feeling like I'm going to pass out in the afternoon, I'm not as quick-tempered or as easily annoyed, I feel noticeably smarter actually; like I can think faster and am more quick-witted.\n\nI'd much rather enjoy 16 hours a day than try to survive 18 until my next sleep.","i sleep 6  hours, max ","And here I am after taking an hour long nap after I slept for 9 hours.","I sleep 6 hours a night, this makes me feel better about it.","this just makes me feel like I put over time on my consciousness ","The math checks out. ","Were basically BEARS! BEARS PEOPLE, BEARS!","Perception is eveything","I've been entirely preoccupied by a most frightening experience of my own. A couple of hours ago, I realized that my body was no longer functioning properly. I felt weak, I could no longer stand. The life was oozing out of me, I LOST CONSCIOUSNESS!\n\nQ ","Who the fuck sleeps 8 hrs a day?  ","Thank you, I get 8 hours of sleep on my weekend...it's closer to 6 during the week, if I'm lucky....still a quarter of my life but still...","That's the amount that you're *supposed* to be sleeping each day, but that can be kinda difficult.","8 hours? You lucky bastard.","I'm almost 30... I've been sleeping for 10 years? !","10 days a month","Don't question it ","Math is not my friend today. I sleep at most 4 hours a day.","I only sleep 2 hours every fourth of a day!","Idk but if I were to buy myself gold I would make a seperate reddit and give myself gold my own stupid comment like this, so theres a possibility","So...why isn't this gilded yet?","Touché my good sir","People with kids only spend 1/8 of their lives sleeping. ","[deleted]","Jej","Aaa","I only get 5 hours sleep a day is that bad?","hard on the heart from what I'm told.  sleeping is the body regenerating cells by slowing down your breathing and BP for the cells to rebuild without being flushed out. ","I had to paws and think about this one","What about staying awake for 8 months?","25+ years in sleep mode.","18?  At my local hospital if you pull a double it's 24 hours.","Wow so if you were alive for 21 years you would be asleep longer than you were alive? That's messed up man","Think about what you just said.","Wut","I think he's trying to say OP is 7 years old. He just worded it horribly.","wat","You are the True Detective. ","Had a good laugh at that","I know what you're saying. But I was just saying \"What..*if* some magic pill was made?\" As far as the brain is concerned, it's a chemical process. If a cocktail of who knows what was made to accelerate the process, would be pretty damn amazing.","I think you're replying to the wrong person, but I think it would be cool if sleep was optional. I enjoy it, but sometimes I'd like the extra free time. ","Whoops? I clicked 'context' and 'reply' went to you somehow.\n\n\"I know what...\" comment meant for /u/juarmis ","Sounds more like a dissociative, Ketamine, DXM, MXE?","These were prescriptions","Freaking love my Vyvanse, but with a copay of $100, I think I'm going to switch to something free.","What if I told you the other 2/3 of the year, you're wide awake 24/7. MINDPLOSION!","Well then it would be wrong. It's not 24/7","Explain. I'm clearly incompetent.","Doesn't 24/7 mean that it is continuous?","Speak for yourself. I only sleep 2 month out of the year. And one of them is February. ","This is why I try to learn lucid dreaming ","I wish I could make it happen that way","[deleted]","No","Yes","Maybe","Sometimes","Not really","Wut","All of the above. ","Just the manic part.","I guess, the guy just went from doing nothing in both social and academic aspects to being greater than me even tho it only lasted for like a month, in the hours he was up on it he made tons of conversations with people and managed to pass 3 exams. The other days he couldn't do all this shit so pretty much the friends and grades he made during that day and a half i think, lost interest in him in less than a month. Seriously we've got to try it. He told me it took him like 3 hours for it to affect and then, he didn't want to be out, he wanted to be in and doing homework and everything. ","That sounds great. Where did he get ahold of it? And how? Lol I've tried some from modafinilcat, but I didn't feel anything :/ ","He had like 5 dealers, he told the one that he mostly buy off things to get him some enhancer and so the guy told him that he could get him Modafinil but that it would cost a lot and so he agreed. The guy took like 5 months to get it and he just gave it to him at the right time. He never made questions about how he got it but the dealer told him that doing that bussiness with him \"was one of the most large deals i've ever made\"\nI've never heard of modafinilcat. \nI think we should PM us now, i think we're gonna have a long talk haha. ","Oh and either way, i can't ask him about how he got it. Last year i was pretty fucked up. ","Alright lol ","This is why I sleep 6 hours a night, no more. Maybe sleep in Sunday. At least it's only a quarter of my life now","From a doctor. It can have some unfun side effects though. I became a huge asshole, focused and awake, but an asshole:","Not really considering we waste 6 months of our lives on average waiting at red lights. So I'm not to shocked. Frankly I would think it would be higher than 4 months. Even in a year. The red light thing is for someone's whole life not just a year. ","Completely different in every way. There is no high, just feeling well rested. Much less fun than adderall  but so much more efficient. If you are expecting a feel or high like adderall you are going to be incredibly disappointed. I still can't wait for it to go generic.","Same here. That'd be the day ","Football has one already.","Since sleeping 5 hours a day is allready considered as too much for a korean student, I guess sleeping 8 hours doesn't sound normal to them...","r/polyphasic can fix that problem ;)","Provigil buddy. Wonder drug. No hang over like amphetamines cause after staying up for several days. It's what doctors and businessmen use. ","underrated post","You're asleep 12 months out of every year if you are a sheeple.","pfft i solve this problem by simply not sleeping... my friends all think i have gone insane though.... and the micro naps are kinda dangerous while driving...","You'll have enough time to sleep when you're dead.","[Good thing he found an even EASIER way!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKlYEFQuy_M)","Oh I wished it was real the whole way through until he made it a bit too obvious with the \"pulling the girls\". ","8 hours a day?  You must be a teenager.","Sleeping is dope. I actually just woke up from a nap. I think skipping winter and getting to sleep naturally whenever I need it during the good months would be amazing ","Seriously. I wish I was a bear.","..You do have a point. Bears are truly geniuses.","But football....","don't even get that much sleep","This is called hibernation.","Hibernation is used to conserve energy during a time it would otherwise be difficult to find food. Animals that hibernate also have a daily sleep cycle.","Yessss.","The problem with your logic is that when you say 4 months everybody if thinking about 4 months of being awake. It's not like you can sleep for a month straight so you can stay up for the next two. In reality, the year is 4 months worth of hours longer than what we think it is.","I havent gotten a full 8 hours in like 15 years","I just dont sleep 8 hours a day :) im perfectly fine.","How do you do that? I'm honestly interested in achieving that.","I don't actually know if it's easy peasy. It was mostly a joke. But I happen to be in a field that I really love and it pays a ton as cherry on the cake (software development).","of course! people should give you free stuff!","Or, you know, our sense of worth is warped.\n\nThis has nothing to do with \"gimme free stuff\".","Similarly, when you say because of tax you work for about 2.5 months in every year before you actually earn any money! (At 20%).","https://xkcd.com/203/","go to UBI, they're your kind of folk","I'm more lively in my dreams than real life. What does that make me?","I'm gonna guess it's because when you think of 8 months, you generally don't think of each day being 24 hours, you think of each day being 16 hours plus time to sleep. ","you are awake 8 months out the year.  24 hours a day 7 days a week for 8 months.  stupid.","I was going to ask why you only planned on living for 9 years but then I figured out that people eventually replace mattresses.","Mattress lifespan is generally quoted at around ten years. :)","... So... 2006? Shit.","Who actually 8 hours of sleep?","I can see you barely sleep...","I think the average most people sleep is more like 6 even though the recommend is around 8ish hours","no","yes","For some reason I have a similar feeling when I'm looking at 10,000 and 100,000. The former just feels like a bigger number to me.","More time fer killin'.","Indeed it doesn't.  ","http://www.gurusfeet.com/forum/according-science-our-natural-state-sleeping\n\nGranted it doesn't give any research to back it up.  I did see that \"orexins\" are a real thing and are being studied.","Thank you!","As always when someone posts about sleep and mentions that everybody sleeps 8 hours every night: That's not the optimum! \n\nLook here: https://www.polyphasicsociety.com/","I haven't slept for ten days, because that would be too long. \n\n-- Mitch Hedberg.","So when I was in high school I slept for about 1 year....sounds about right.","I wish i got 8 hours of sleep...","As someone with chronic insomnia, I reject your reality and substitute my own."],["I've never looked at my own butthole, but I imagine it's a nightmare because I feel like I wipe for hours and hours. That can't be good for it.\n\nedit: lmao thanks for all the asshole wiping technique tips guys","Get in front of a mirror - I would suggest the bathroom. Face away from the mirror. Drop your pants. Bend over and put your head between your legs.\n\nDon't look too long though or you will be lost to the 4th level of limbo à la Inception.","Sorry, but I just don't see what I have to gain from looking at my holocaust of a butthole.","Only face it when something is broken. \n\nOr make a doctor do it. I had kidney stones and the Dr looking inside my penis was only weird for the first 3 times he did it. ","Worst porno storyline ever.","actually the worst porno storyline ive ever seen is when the video was just 30 minutes of sasha grey wiping her ass with the u.s. constitution","Eh, I'd watch it. ","I just did because I didnt believe him \n\nIt's worth it","I liked the part when Nicolas Cage tried to steal it","... sauce?","it's called \"substantive doo-doo process,\" leading many to interpret it as a criticism of the controversial 14th amendment doctrine","I believe you. ","I believe them but I don't believe that you do. ","I hate kidney stones, but I actually ratcheted up my kidney stone pain through my own \"creativity\". Woke up one night with kidney pain. Turned out it was a stone. I went through all the usual fun (Emergency, overnight hospital stay, etc) and when I woke up in the AM, the doctor stopped by and checked me over. He told me I was scheduled for a lithotripsy (ultrasonic destruction of the stone) in a week. He also asked \"Did you see a string?\". Turns out, he'd inserted a stent to keep things clear pending the litho and he'd left a long string protruding for easy removal post surgery. I checked and saw nothing. The doctor said it might \"turn up\" and I shouldn't worry about it. I asked what would happen if it didn't show and he said \"Well, that just makes removal a little more invasive\". I really didn't like the sound of that, so as I waited for the litho, I kept my eyes peeled for that string. After a few days of boredom and sitting on the couch, I decided to go for a short trail run. After about a mile, I was struck by an overwhelming urge to take a pee. Midway through, it appeared! There was the mythical string. I was overjoyed. I finished my run and took another look. Gone! It had turtled on me! It hid for another day or so, until I was in the bathroom one morning. Magically, it had re-appeared overnight! Now, I figured there was no way I was going to let this thing get away from me again, but short of me walking around hanging on to it, how could I keep it from going back into hiding. Hmmm, let's see... I should just add a couple inches of extra string. Yeah, that's it. But where can I find some string here in the bathroom? Hey, what about some dental floss? Genius! So, I spliced on about 4 more inches of floss to the existing string. Perfect. Right up until it decided to turtle, taking some of the floss with it. Mint floss. MINT. FLOSS. TL/DR - Burning minty fresh pee hole\n","This is the best story I've ever read about another man's penis","Jesus","I had a kidney stone in December and it was easily the most painful thing I've ever felt in my life. Worse than labor and childbirth. I'd rather have ten babies than one more kidney stone. Mine was half an inch (way too big to pass) and was  positioned right in the top of the ureter, causing a complete blockage of my left kidney. It gave me a nasty infection, fever, vomiting and the worst unrelenting pain imaginable. I was given morphine in the ER and it did nothing. After that, they gave me dilaudid which was the only thing that helped at all. I had to have a nephrostomy (a tube through my back right into my kidney) to drain the urine that was trapped because of the stone. After a week in the hospital with that tube and IV antibiotics, the infection cleared up and I was scheduled for laser lithotripsy. Basically a tube up my peehole and ureter, then a laser blasted my stone into a bunch of little pieces that the doctor removed. A total of 9 days in the hospital and two surgeries. I also had a stent for 2 weeks after that. When I had it removed, my kidney was so sore it felt like the stone all over again. Then the next day that pain was gone. I was sore for another couple of weeks from the tube in my back but now I'm back to normal. Changed up my diet, no more soda (it was all I drank), very little peanut butter or chocolate. And limit my sodium intake. I will do whatever it takes to never have to go through that again. ","Worst. Dentist. Ever.","Doc, my teeth are sore.\n\n*inserts Penis into mouth and completes it with a creampie*\n\nThe pain is gone.","The doctor looked inside your penis? Every time I've had them they either did a CT scan or a urinalysis. Unless there was one stuck in your urethra, you might want a different doctor. ","They make this 3 foot long steel scope with a camera and light. \n\nThen they stick it up your urethra and you see the inside of your penis and bladder. \n\nIt would've been more interesting if I wasn't in blinding pain. ","All the health warnings in the world didn't make me quit soda. My buddy in the cube over from me who had a kidney stone at the office? I changed my noise up so fast. I've seen this dude spill on an atv climb and roll down a hill 40-50', no problem. The look on his face that particular day at work was *dark*.  Apparently it really fucking hurts.","I have a female friend who has said given the option between going through childbirth again and having another kidney stone, she would choose childbirth. ","Male here. Ive passed two in my twenties. Worst pain ever. Second time i got the pain i knew what it was and didnt go to the hospital. Made a flush of oil and acidics and sat in the tub dieing for hours bc i didnt have medical","Be careful.  I heard a story of somebody who toughed it out passing their kidney stones and ended up needing their urethra reconstructed through surgery.\n\nEdit: Be careful. and \"through surgery\"","A deeper awareness of yourself.","Perhaps, but after seeing that there's no going back..","I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:\n\n- [/r/nocontext] [Sorry, but I just don't see what I have to gain from looking at my holocaust of a butthole.](https://np.reddit.com/r/nocontext/comments/4gb37g/sorry_but_i_just_dont_see_what_i_have_to_gain/)\n\n[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*\n\n[](#bot)","Thank you, messenger. Well done. \n\n*hand feeds oats*","/u/namidya nah dont listen to him.\n\nWhat you want to do is take your phone, turn on the flash light on it if you have one.\n\nTake a mirror, but it on the ground, squat over it and shine the light up the butt, not to into the mirror.","I'd rather shine it on the mirror and just pretend my butt is actually a bright white light.","If you gaze long into an abyss, the abyss also gazes into you.","The shit abyss Ricky...","the difference between us, is that you blinked","Instructions unclear: head stuck in butthole.","Great! Now you can take up a career in politics! ","Believe it or not, this is a common problem","It's practically the norm! ","I used to do this all the time but I would end up licking my own butthole for long periods of time. Then I would stick my head into my butthole until my head was sticking out of my mouth and I would repeat this process and be in inception.","That's.... Enough reddit for me today. Thanks!","Umm. What?","A classic Sunday afternoon","I once met an Icelandic fellow who claimed he was not clean until he was bleeding .","I'd be lying if I said I haven't seen my fair share of butthole blood.","I find it interesting that you have never looked at your own butthole but you've seen your fair share of butthole blood. I don't know how these ratio thingys work but if you look at more buttholes then maybe you'll see less blood. Draw a graph and do the math ;)","I can't math, but i can graph(kinda) maybe someone else can analyze it \n\nhttp://imgur.com/ychhGIV","This is the greatest scientific study I've ever been a part of. Thank you.","It's due to topics like this that I have such a difficult time explaining what reddit is to my friends when they ask.  ","\"Okay, so you know when you wipe your ass, like really hard, and start to bleed? Well it's-- Wait, wait. So, like, you're staring into your butthole, right? No, wait, you're not staring into your butthole *enough*, that's the problem. So then, like, picture a graph comparing how much you look up your butthole, and compare it to how bloody your ass gets when you wipe. That's basically what reddit is.\"","...But with a lot of cats.  ","/r/dataisbeautiful","Can you do it? I love when Reddit analyses the dumbest shit. It makes me so proud of the human race.","yep. fellow hemmorhoids survivor here","Wait that's hemmorhoids?","Every time I'm at the mall. Fuck your one ply sandpaper.","sounds like a callus asshole","Sounds like he needed more fiber. If you eat more fiber it takes less wipes to clean. If I eat a bunch of all-bran, my poop looks like all-bran and brown water that has been put through a blender (ie: tiny solid chunks). If I eat a bunch of carbs and protein and no fiber? I'm shitting out dark peanut butter and it's quite sticky and messy.","&gt; shitting out dark peanut butter \n\nLiterally gagged ","Serious advice: chia seeds daily and you'll wonder why you ever had to wipe before.","Can confirm. Chris seeds make pooping an efficient, and prompt experience. \n\nEdit: Not even going to change it. But chia seeds are great :P","What you do with Chris is none of our business. But I'm glad it makes pooping efficient and prompt.","[deleted]","I shove toilet paper in the crack, stand up, do a back stretch, then pull it out. That seems to get the last of the poo.","That is not nearly excessive enough","[deleted]","1. Have plenty of fiber. Supplement with psyillium husk, and be sure to take it after super greasy meals (it helps, a lot).\n2. Take your cheeks and spread them apart as you are sitting to ensure everything is open\n3. Relax, don't push\n4. Poop\n5. Wipe until clean\n6. If it continues to come back freshly brown, it means you have a little bit just in or out of the butthole. Either:  \n**a.** Spread wider, if possible, and let it come out on its own (push at your own discretion or;  \n**b.** Pad your TP a little extra and use your index finger to push the trouble piece inward until it's clearly passed your anus\n\nThis is how I live. Fiber helps a lot and I'm almost regularly in the 1-wipe club.","5-6 wipes with cotton balls dipped in isopropyl alcohol.  You could safely eat off my anus","Is that even safe?","Sounds like his anus may be cleaner than most plates you'll be handed at a restaurant.","I do one wipe and then the ol' hop in dee chower.  Then use handle shower head to wash bung hole.","There is that. I'm redoing my bathroom and a bidet is likely going in. Visited Thailand and boy do I miss spraying my asshole.","Sometimes I prefer doing a gentle middle finger scraping on the anus hole while the index and ring finger keep the cheeks separated. Something about digging inside just doesn't feel right though.","You're spelling wiping with an 'h' and now I'm imagining Stewie reading you're comment because of the way he says cool whip","[Relevant.]  (https://youtu.be/7P8WtOK30jw?t=7m47s) And hilarious.","Head like a fucking orange!","[Spoiler alert](https://lionsmarkpens.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/sharpie-fine-point-marker-black.jpg)","In a thread about buttholes and poop.. well, I think I'd rather not clink any links.","Have you tried getting a bidet?","I've dreamt of it","You can get them pretty cheap on Amazon, hook it into any ol toilet.","then just take it day bidet.","Pop Pop! ","Does it activate when you flush? Because I don't think I could deal with that emotionally.","No, you press a button or switch, usually.","Is it easy to clean? I'm worried about it getting dirty.","Wait, the bidet or your bunghole?","Yes","That's all they use in my country ","\"Trust, but verify.\"\n\n-[Russian proverb](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trust,_but_verify)","Russians always seem to give very excellent life advice but never seem to follow it. Sort of Ironic.","Don't you think?\n\nEdit: Alanis reference?","Yes I think her song about non ironic coincidences is indeed ironic. \n\nMaybe all part of the plan. ","You see comrade, when *in* fish, no need go fishing.","\"Trust is good, control is better.\"\n\n-German Proverb","Just get them Japanese Toilets that will do the spray down.","And get all pixelated? No thanks. ","Mine didn't do that. I just got very incompetent black censor bars.","My favorite is the one right over the dick slit. Like I'm not gonna know that's a penis if I don't see the pee hole.","It's a loophole in japanese law.\n\nThere has to be censor bar over the dick.\n\nNo one said how big it had to be.","Wtf, that was a penis !?!?","I landed in Japan last night and have cleaned my butthole every chance I have gotten. I've never enjoyed pooping so much before!","Are you talking about a bidet or the auto wash toilet things?","Auuut-t-toooo w-w-waaaash...","So I've actually heard good things about these. Seems like it would be weird. Wouldn't you have to wipe dry anyways?","According to the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bidet#Bidet_integrated_with_toilet_.28or_electronic_bidet.29), \"There are models that have a heating element which blows warm air to dry the user after washing...\" confirmed by [this bidet](http://www.amazon.com/Hometech-Feel-Fresh-HI-4000WT-Elongate/dp/B001HOHHGS/) on Amazon.\n\nAside from that, I imagine (since I've never used one) that having to wipe after being washed with water is a cleaner experience than dry wiping alone.","You're not wrong. It's much cleaner to dry your ass with toilet paper after being sprayed clean. You can get a bidet for about $25 on Amazon. I got one and I don't ever want to poop elsewhere.","Yes, but it beats having to buy wet wipes. Having a hairy ass is no bueno when dry wiping. ","I actually keep a small towel just to dry my ass after washing my bum. Whenever I have a guest come over, I never tell them that the towel they are using to wash their face touches my asshole everyday. ","A bidet is where it's at, I too was a serial wiper, killing TP rolls like ants on a fresh leaf. Now I hit the jets, feel the cool rush on my bum and use 6 squares of TP max. Plus they're like $30, and installs in minutes on basically any toilet.","Of all the living things on Earth we Humans are the only ones that have to wipe. Piss poor designing in my book.","Aren't you glad you don't have to lick your shitty asshole though?","Some of us have interns....","Some of us are interns...","Hey Jeff you got a minute? ","For you?  I'll give you an extra minute.","Great. Can you get Alex for me? I have a special job for him. ","Here comes the new guy. Rumor is he only needs 15 seconds. ","I mean we don't *haaave* to . . .","Well there is another thing, we couldn't even if we had too.","And the area also has hair in it, making it harder to clean, in addition to being a sensitive area meaning too much wiping will just damage it. Evolution really fucked that one up.","It's like trying to use a dry paper towel to wipe up a jar of peanut butter in a shag rug. ","I shave around my an us for this reason specifically. I use an electric razor. I shower, dry it with some paper towels (much better than fabric and dessiccating) and shave it clean. It leaves the hair very short, but not short enough to allow ingrown hairs. This allows for a much cleaner environment down there.","Other than being diet based, humans are also the only ones that don't poop properly thanks to toilets. IF you squatted down you will require very few wipes.","Ive actually taken this into consideration and improved the way I shit. I made a short but wide stool and placed it infront of my toilet. I put my feet onto the stool, thereby assuming the squat position while still shitting in a toilet. My poop comes out so much easier and cleaner now. Also if you are really bad with making things out of wood, you can buy a squatty potty, its basically just a thing that elevates your feet for that fantastic squat poop.","&gt; I made a short but wide stool \n\nThe context made this seem pretty horrible at first","Actually it is 100% diet based.  I never realized this until I got older then went on a (most natural) diet for two whole years.  I had to cut out all breads, starches, etc.   Basically no complex carbs.  Within 7-8 weeks I couldn't believe what happened with my body in all sorts of ways.  I guess I was detoxifying (goodbye acne).  But what I remember the most was not having to wipe ever.   It was incredible.  One day I was hiking in the woods and just squatted, pooped, buried it and moved on... that was well into the diet so I knew I was wipe free.    Sounds trivial but that day in the woods felt so serine in a way.    Anyways I'm rambling.  When I finally started adding soda and bread back into my diet years later the messy wipes came back.   Ughh.  But it taught me that humans don't need to wipe either.  We did this to ourselves with complicated diets that our bodies have trouble breaking down internally. ","Your story makes me want to go have a wipe-free poop in a forest.","Truly connecting with nature.","i took a poop in the forest once. Then a group of teens were hiking and saw me, pointed and laughed.","should've fired a couple their way","While shrieking like a chipanzee.","Your liver already detoxes for you.","but your liver doesn't give you whipeless shits","I usually have a pretty good shit the day after drinking. Not quite wipless but closer, I have to give my liver some credit for that. ","What? My shits the day after drinking are basically biochemical bombs and should be consider a war crime for how devastating they are to the bathroom and the surrounding rooms.\n\n","But Dogs for example have an anus that extends out so that the inside is outside while dumping then retracts so no matter the type of poop it never gets dirty.","Unsubscribe from Dog Facts. For the love of god, unsubscribe!","What were some of your favorite meals?","Some iffy science in this post. ~~Acne has nothing to do with diet~~, 'detoxifying' is meaningless in this context, and your body has no trouble breaking down starch- it's actually one of the most quickly-digested substances we eat. Stuff your body does have 'trouble breaking down' (i.e. fibre) is actually very good for your bowel habits. \n\nEdit: might be a bit off on the acne thing, seems like there's at least an association with milk. The rest of it stands though. ","&gt; Acne has nothing to do with diet\n\nIt's heavily linked with dairy consumption, that's about all I've heard of it though. Personally if I add milk to my coffee every morning I'll begin to break out, I have to use almond milk.","I can relate. Haven't wiped in years. ","Psyllium husk (metamucil) = no wipe poop","Definitely! I can never go back!","How? ","Fiber supplement that ensures good consistency to your shit. ","Basically this guy has a dirty fucking asshole and thinks it's clean","This is the truth. Go to the store. Buy Metamucil. Take it for a few days in a row. Wiping will become a formality. One wipe, just to make sure, and it comes back clean almost every time. Embrace your new life, living OP's dream.\n\nIf I forget to take it, I'm disgusted by my non-fiber poo the following day.","ghost poop\n\nWhen the first wipe is clean and there's nothing in the bowl. Always second guess myself, wondering if it even actually happened.","Also leading to the question, \"How does a blind person know they've finished wiping?\"","braille ","That's why Jesus invented dingleberries.","They pinch the used paper closed. If the fold sticks together, another wipe is needed.","How do the blind know when the light turns green? When they hear honking.","Why couldn't Helen Keller drive? She was a woman.","To be perfectly honest, a lot of people with disabilities, don't have optimal hygiene. I know because I work with these people. ","Sniff the toilet paper","until it hurts","They fold it. If it sticks together, they wipe again.","Ah, the old \"clean break\" poop.\n\nUnlike the \"ghost poop\" where you check the bowl and somehow it hit the water with enough force to disappear  entirely, likely stuck in the trap.\n\nYou would think these are quicker, but due to confusion about what happened they often take longer. It's a magical world. The stories we'll tell...","Ghost poops can be scary though. Sometimes they splash down too hard and BOOP you get half a cup of shitwater blowing up against your ass.  \n    \nIt's the like turd is getting one final fuck you in before making it's grand escape.","Poseidons kiss","Poosidon","This is why you place some toilet paper in the bowl before you shit.\n\nIt cushions the impact and there is zero splash back.","Don't believe the wipe. ","these comments are funny as hell","Red means clean.","[removed]","I call this the \"tip of the brown crayon\" effect.","[deleted]","My grandpa always talks about this like it's life changing. We got him a squatty potty for Christmas one year and he fell in love with it.","[removed]","That was glorious everyone needs to see it once in their lifetime. ","Dear god, thank you for that! I will never doubt the endless wonders they Internet holds for us all. ","She fucking lost it","Apparently it was real laughter too, and not just acting... Makes the scene even better imo","Yeah it's crazy how much of his acting in that show was just improv that was so good it made it in. There's even better content in the bloopers but the whole cast often laughed at his lines, so they couldn't use it.","If you're pooping in the shower, why not just use water to clean up?","And waffle stomping.","I knew I wouldn't be able to read about this topic without one waffle stomp comment passing by. ","Context? ","Running joke about pooping in the shower and stamping it down the drain with your foot.\n\nIf anyone actually does this in real life, I don't think I'll be able to live in this world anymore. The suggestion alone is revolting.","Had a blind date once who told me her and her ex would both piss and shit in the tub while taking showers together. I can only assume they did separately as well. A bigger issue is why she would share that, even after lotsa vodka. We are now married, lol, jk.","Well there's nothing wrong with pissing in the shower, that's just logical. Shitting is absolutely disgusting though.","In the tub, though :/","Bidet master race","[It's like wiping a marker](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGCIGEUB32M)","Bidet all the way","I've had my stomach drop just as I got in the elevator and had to do a wobbling run to my hotel room. It was an obnoxiously loud explosion that thankful ended quickly. I wiped 4 times and every time the tp was clean.","Proud of u","toiletthoughts?","Ah, the ghost wipe.","What I'd do for a clean dismount....","Would you eat a healthy diet consisting of mostly fruits and vegetables? ","Except that.","Do you fold and rewipe, or get a new one","We must not waste paper. The ghost wipe may be reused, returned to the roll for next time or you may blow your nose into it and discard","BIDET MASTERACE! \n\nYou filthy-bottomed plebs disgust me.","Is it.. is it....... wrong that I just know when I'm done?  Like, You can sort of feel a different kind of friction between your hand and the paper when it isn't sliding on a shit mudslide.  One or two more passes with fresh paper after that point of traction and no need to look at the paper!","get a bidet, fucking animals","This.\nI imagine my butthole at this point to be filled with little shards of toilet paper crumbs at this point.","I want to believe...","That's really upsetting and I hope I don't have to go through that. Although, I've had kidney stones 4-5 times in the last 3 years and I'm only 21, so my prospects on that seem pretty bleak. ","I've lived in SE Asia for nearly two years and stopped using toilet paper soon after I moved here.  I couldn't go back to tp now - that shit is disgusting.","ITT: People who don't have bidets. \n\nYou philistines need to get yourselves a [bidet](http://amzn.com/B00A0RHSJO). ","I know what you mean. I wipe and wipe and there is still poo. It's like a magic marker down there. It's especially bad when I have hot snakes. ","Andy! Watch out for that bubble gut.","Will do! It probably from eating sushi, which I think I'm allergic to. I always vomit and have bubble gut when I eat more than 50-60 pieces. ","You really should try it. It's very liberating, I didn't know who I was as a person until I took a shit in the shower and waffle stomped.\n\nThat Turd was responsible for my rebirth, both as a man and an individual.","[removed]","Hey now. Thats a bit harsh. Can't a guy  pinch a loaf wherever he wants?","Nope. Use the toilet like a human being.","&gt; I don't think I'll be able to live in this world anymore\n\nI hope you enjoy your suicide as much as I enjoy shitting in the shower xx ","Digging into the deep thoughts ","This is why I wax my ass crack/hole. Most shits are nothing but net. ","That's gross and disturbing. ","Coprophilli: Talk to your shrink.","Get a bidet.","/r/ToiletThoughts","When you taste the blood. ","don't believe the hype","If thou gaze long into an abyss, the abyss will also gaze into thee.","ew your not supposed to look a t the paper. ","ew you don't look at the paper?","Of course not that's disgusting.","Sometimes the patterns show the future","Ummm how do you know if you're clean then?","After a whole roll of TP you just assume I suppose","He closes his eyes and sniffs the paper. ","I always notice a breakout with high fructose corn syrup consumption, but evetytime I say it, I get downvoted.","I lived of bread, biscuits and cheese for a week and it gave me a really bad breakout. Haven't had one like it since is 14 or so, so I'm 99% sure acne is very related to diet.","[deleted]","No, citing the definition then proceeding to get the definition wrong in your explanation is ironic. Of course nobody expects rain in thier wedding day. However, nobody expects the weather to be 75.2°F with 60% humidity and a 33% chance of rain either. If they do then one could just say \"gee, it's so ironic that it's 78° today\". Being unexpected is not the same thing as being humorously at odds with the expectation either. A black fly in your Chardonnay? Of course it's unexpected, because it's a glass of Chardonnay. It's not deliberately contrary to what's expected. You got the glass of Chardonnay; a fly coincidentally flew into it.  A free ride when you've already paid? That's not deliberately unexpected. You exchanged money for a service and there appears to be a misunderstanding between the you, the customer, and the operator of your means of transportation. Or it could be a circumstance we all face almost all the time. Driving to work doesn't cost you anything, yet you paid for the car and the gas. When you park to you tell yourself \"gosh, what an ironic occurrence that was\". Very few expectations in life come to fruition, that doesn't make everything that happens ironic. I'm done ranting about this. I'm going to go to sleep next to my beautiful girlfriend now. If I wake up next to a ugly Filipino boy that would be ironic. Unless it's Thursday, then it's just a coincidence.","Rain on your wedding day is something historically dreaded. No one gives a crap about (specifically) 75 degree weather, that's why no one talks about it. However, rain on the one day in 80 years you want to be perfect is ironic. And while \"a death row pardon two minutes too late\" may not be the height of irony, it is ironic; there is no doubt about that. If you're looking for the best uses of irony, maybe allanis morisette isn't the best place to go. But that doesn't mean that they're wrong. They're just shit examples with no thought put into them.\n\n\"I'm going to go to sleep next to my beautiful girlfriend now.\"\n\nAaaand now you lose credibility.\n","&gt;it's simply an outcome that wasn't expected\n\nNot exactly. \"Contrary to what was expected\" is a bit different from just unexpected. You need to be going for the opposite of expectations.\n\nRain on your wedding day is just as ironic as *any* weather on your wedding day, be it light flurries of snow, an overcast sky, or overbearing sunshine. \n\nBut if you add in some new element to the story, like it's the wedding of the Sun King, then you can say that rain would be ironic, since it's kind of the opposite of sun. \n\nThe example you made at the end of your comment is correct. Morissette's examples are just coincidences.","I think you mean dickolis gauge ","Ahhh, the very allusive *perfect shit*...Usually very solid and compact with the perfect amount of lubrication for easy expulsion...As opposed to it's nemesis diarrhea, which I refer to as shit soup...","It's like raiEain on your wedding day","Bidets are the best. When I was a kid my parents, my gran, my brother, and I went to Spain and there was one in the hotel bathroom and it was fantastic.\n\nUntil my gran shit in it. Who knew taking a senile old woman to a foreign country would be a bad idea? We knew what she'd done the second she came out of the bathroom and said \"these foreign toilets are so fucking weird\".","Rule 25: Always double wipe. ","Theyre gonna have to bust out the 3'2\" for me then","I have had a lot of clean wipes lol","This is what I do not understand. Why doesn't one use water first and then wipe it off? Wouldn't it make the butt hole much cleaner?\n\nIt's like having a shower, but only for the butt.","I had a buddy that was a mechanic who claimed he never ever needed to wipe. We called him 'Snap-Off Stools'.","I really don't believe that all of you fuckers have bidets. ","The poopy paradox!","I remember someone ass this on another thread awhile ago, and a blind guy said “dry one. Wet one. Dry one.”","these are getting fucking stupid. ","Yeah he really does think.","Alanis morisete reference","If I were blind I'd have to take a shower every time I shit. ","That's because the smart ones don't end up on dashcams","Carbs/sugar for me. Bad acne when I'm eating it, none when I don't. ","No!  NEVER look it straight in the eye!  ","Guys what you all need is a bidet installed in the toilet. Solves alllll of your wiping problems and it feels like heaven to was your butt hole instead of just wiping it.","This is a favorite when I have the runny bunnies. ","&gt; the runny bunnies\n\n","Questions of life...","Can't forget the [Neverending Poo](https://imgur.com/gallery/JEpHDGQ) ","[deleted]","3 words: Moist Baby Wipes.\n\nThey are the greatest.","I call this the ghost shit cause it's like it was never there","Check.","What you need is a bidet. Actually everyone needs one. It's life changing","I always accept light brown so my asshole is probably never clean. On the upside, I never need to worry about it like you do.","It seems that always at the worst possible time it's a superfund cleanup site. Sure at home it a wipe, nothing, really? wipe again to make sure and sigh a breath of relief. But at 10000 feet in an airplane bathroom the size of a coffin, the shit is all over you, and you spend the next half hour scrubbing the surround area of your asshole like there is no end in sight.","Just spray with water fam","I just wipe 3x no matter what. I can't stand looking at my own poop or even worse, tissue with poop on it. Never. ","How often do you have kidney stones?? Is it a common occurrence after you have them once or something","It's common for me I'd say. I'm only 21 and I've had them either 4 or 5 times, the first time being when I was 18. If I remember correctly it is more likely to have them after you've already had them one time.\n\n I haven't ever been able to actually catch a stone for a doctor to look at, so I dont know if it's a dietary problem or something genetic. Contrary to what most people would think, the painful part about kidney stones is when they are passing through the ureter, not when you pee them out through your urethra, so you don't really know when the stone is actually gonna come out. ","my mom has a lifelong history of kidney stones and infections. Then they got more frequent and the stones larger, to the point than what doctors consider  \"normal\"(hers were 12-14mm on average and promptly tore up her ureters and required blasting and ureter repair) She was eventually diagnosed with lupus nephritis. She's been treatments for a little over a yr now, no infections, no stones. It was a doctor she never saw before who took a shot in the dark with the diagnosis. ","paraplegic here. My record so far is 1cm in diameter. I think I broke the hospital record or something the way the doctors were freaking out. Meanwhile I was more bothered by the fever it gave me lol.\n\nedit: I think i was around 16 at the time.","Ok, but you felt the whole thing from beginning to end correct?","Nope, not a wince. We only knew to check because of high blood pressure and the fever. It wasn't my first (nor last) stone :P","Wow, ok thanks.","Dude he can't afford \"real\" doctors, get a grip.","I have 2 Toto Washlets. Can confirm they are the best ever. ","[deleted]","National Treasure 3:  Booty Heist","&gt; I had kidney stones and the Dr looking inside my penis was only weird for the first 3 times he did it.\n\nAs someone with a penis, the logistics involved in this sound terrifying. ","This is... This is beautiful.\nThe most relatable showerthought I've ever read. ","bidet or flushable wipes","Should you, however, have the unfortunate experience of having hemorrhoids, DO NOT have them lanced as you will never poo clean again. I believe it has some effect on the dermal tension. (I'm sorry for this bit of information, but just trying to help.) ","I think it may be \"waffle\" because of the pattern of shower drains. /u/enragedmanatee Someone actually does do this in real life https://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/3jvlfr/someone_in_my_dorm_tried_waffle_stomping_their/","The \"running joke,\" though, is that it actually happened. Some story about an exchange student in a college dorm bathroom. ","Instructions unclear, face stuck in butthole!","To all those people who say that they don't look when they wipe I ask:\n\nHow do you know when you're done?","My main question is... \n\nWHY THE FUCK would you look at the paper at all??? Just drop it and flush, it's shit, it's really not that interesting to look at... Can't believe there's an entire thread where everyone acts like this is normal behavior. ","But, you gotta see if your ass is clean so that it wouldn't stink or itch later...","I never had that problem. I never heard of anyone who has that problem. I'm beginning to think it's an American thing. ","Wait, people flush toilet paper down the toilet? Doesn't that clog the plumbing and stuff? I just put it in the trash.\n\nWait, people use toilet paper? I always use my left hand.\n\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nWait, there are different types of normal. Those are some real-life examples of normal.","I'm pretty sure we're all humans though.","Am American, just as boggled as you","It's healthy to inspect your shit. You're missing out self-health checking man. What if you shit blood everyday? You don't know if you've never looked.\n\nAnd yeah how do you know if your hole is clean? Do you only wipe once everytime? Hallelujah\n\nAND I don't know why you don't realise it, but if everybody thinks this behaviour is normal, then you are the abnormal one.","everybody and \"everybody on Reddit\" and \"everybody in this Reddit thread who were drawn to look at these specific comments\" is definitely not the same, and I am quite sure that you cannot draw any conclusions about the general populace from this sub-sample.","Nor could you.\n\nI was proving this point. I got you!\n\n*Lol nah I wasn't, but yeah it applies to what you think is normal too.*","I use the toilet paper more than once, seems wasteful to not. Wipe, fold it in a clean way (which means looking at it), wipe again. Maybe get a third wipe out of it before dropping it. That's using 2-3 squares each time, of course.","I enjoy meeting new buttholes but I don't want to meet yours.","You don't check your wipes?","The fact you got downvoted means that we are in a minority then huh.. I rarely look after wiping  myself too. I just often know by feel when it's clean, if not then I look after wiping few times (as I always do, not just once of course). I also use baby wipes, they're great. ","Are you calling a guy out for pseudoscience then making your own shit up in the next sentence? The worst part of Reddit, ladies and gentleman.","I have a [BossBidet](http://www.amazon.com/Boss-Bidet-Attachment-Cleaning-Non-Electric/dp/B01DXE2BEC/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1461552175&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=boss+bidet) ... Best thing I've ever bought on Amazon! ","Plot twist: turned out the guy wasn't even a doctor after all!","Where can I buy $30 bidets","Best deal on Amazon!\n\n[BossBidet](http://www.amazon.com/Boss-Bidet-Attachment-Cleaning-Non-Electric/dp/B01DXE2BEC/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1461552175&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=boss+bidet)","damn i live in canada and its 90 bucks on our amazon, is that one really good on the anus?","I've had mine for 4 months and I love it! I ended up installing them to my other bathrooms because everyone in my family would go to use that one restroom.\n\nEdit: You can try contacting the company direct on their website to see if they'll match and ship for less?","ive had plenty of opportunities to try these things, but i chicken out each time. its like high diving, takes courage. its hard to believe they work...they just...water jet your butt clean? isnt the toilet paper all wet then, and it falls apart in your hand? could you give us a very detailed description of your bowel movement cleanup?","If a bird shat on your hand you wouldn't just wipe it off with a tissue would you?\n\nThe bidet cleans the surface of your butt. It doesn't go internally unless, you'd would like it. One small sheet of thick toilet paper can dry you up. ","Amazon","amazon, just search \"bidet\"","\"You can never wipe just once.\"","Apparently a ton of people in this thread have severe asswipe issues. I don't pretend to be a superior shitter, but I'm not having all of these wiping problems. I never wipe more than three times unless it's a huge dirty evacuation. Still, my condolences go out to all of you and your suffering.","[deleted]","I stopped standing up to wipe when I was like 10 but to each their own haha.","Ah, yes.. the ol' marker butt.","Worst is when you triple check, but 20 minutes of walking on a hot day you get an itch. You scratch. When you take your underwear of later there's a mark. That tiny bastard stayed far enough back to slowly work forward in the day. ","So true, be careful what you wish for. ","And then you take a shower ","I quit Facebook because I spent too much time reading superficial posts.  Now I find myself learning about the best way to wipe my ass for 15 minutes.  There's no hope","i googled \"sasha grey and constitution\" and it turns out the NSA is involved","The one wipe disbelief ","I was really sick from food poisoning once. After it was over I never would have to wipe. It cleaned me right out!","Think about it, not too hard to connect the little brown dots. ","Hahaha, best name for this ever! ","Videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r4g9do9?feature=playlist)\n\n\tVIDEO|COMMENT\n\t-|-\n[This Unicorn Changed the Way I Poop - #SquattyPotty](https://youtube.com/watch?v=YbYWhdLO43Q)|[53](https://reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/4g9do9/_/d2fuemw?context=10#d2fuemw) - Squatty potty \n[Karl Pilkington - Alan Carr (Chatty Man) Oct 2013 Interview (HQ)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=7P8WtOK30jw&amp;t=467s)|[19](https://reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/4g9do9/_/d2fxghw?context=10#d2fxghw) - Relevant. And hilarious. \n[andy's wiping problem](https://youtube.com/watch?v=vGCIGEUB32M)|[10](https://reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/4g9do9/_/d2fwnye?context=10#d2fwnye) - It's like wiping a marker \n[Girl's Official Review on Eating Ass](https://youtube.com/watch?v=LcwpsH2eaWI)|[5](https://reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/4g9do9/_/d2fwixd?context=10#d2fwixd) - Completely Relevant \n[Knocked Up (7/10) Movie CLIP - Pink Eye (2007) HD](https://youtube.com/watch?v=BYXLKRNCVrw)|[4](https://reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/4g9do9/_/d2fzxfh?context=10#d2fzxfh) -  \n[Hancock - Your head goes up his ass](https://youtube.com/watch?v=z51e45W0Tdk)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/4g9do9/_/d2g1wuk?context=10#d2g1wuk) -  \n[Day By Day](https://youtube.com/watch?v=wiBi0xMF9UY)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/4g9do9/_/d2g0vgu?context=10#d2g0vgu) - Totally thought of this - stay through the end :  \n[Colonel Earth's \"Tips for Going Green\"](https://youtube.com/watch?v=Vt7hIk_jZww)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/4g9do9/_/d2fwfju?context=10#d2fwfju) - Saves water, too. \nI'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.\n***\n[Play All](http://subtletv.com/_r4g9do9?feature=playlist&amp;ftrlnk=1) | [Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)","Fuck. I'm going to pass out from laughter soon","It's a hairy man beast.","Now this is shit talkin.","The prototype reddit post.  Fuck you reddit.\n","Always do a last wet wipe. If you only dry wipe, you'll always have residue left over. Bidet for the best method to stay clean. ","Get a bidet.  You can get one for like $30 and it will change your fucking life.\n\nITT: people with disgustingly dirty assholes.","that's way convoluted, if your mirror is big enough for that then you should just put a chair in front of it, sit on the chair and spread your legs","They taste blood.","What excuse me? Change your diet up several different ways and you'll see the changes on your face within a week. ","Acne has a definite association with what we eat, in scientific terms I'm not sure.   But you may be onto something with the milk thing.  Because one of the things I did was culture/incubate my own yogurt which one of the steps is removing the lactose from milk!   I'm not a scientist and definitely not promoting anything but if you wanted to research the science behind it, try googling SCD diet, or even Paleo... those are the two biggest I can think of.  I just wanted to relay my personal experience from a journey I took (no longer on but still use that knowledge on a daily basis). ","I went ketogenic for a year to lose weight and my acne cleared up. I still have dairy daily, the only thing that helped was quitting sugar / bread / pasta, etc. ","Relatable","I cant, for the life of me, understand how westerners are satisfied by the use of wipes/toilet papers alone.\n\nAt this point of my life, I use wipes, water, and soap to feel close to being clean enough.","Get a bidet. Toilet paper is for drying not cleaning. Since I got my bidet my TP has come up clean after wiping 100% of the time. True life changer.","I don't even bother to \"wipe\". Hop in a tub and SQUIRT...or use a BIDET if available. SQUEAKY CLEAN!","The ever important \"insurance wipe\"  \n\nEvery poop is a minimum of two wipes, no ifs, ands or butts about it","Wet some TP, then wipe. Do that a few times rather than a hundred times with dry paper. Trust me, you'll thank me for giving you a cleaner and less irritated butthole. Or just use baby wipes. Just make sure you have a plastic bag to put them in. ","This is so true. I did something to my penis and had to be taken to the ER (took myself) and the doctor told me I had broke it. He even brought in someone else to see it since it was something he's never seen in his medical career and only heard of.\n\nAt the very least he told me, was to make sure I was using lotion and not so vigorous on the \"little guy\" he called it.","I been pooping my entire life. One wipe clean butt no streaks just clean paper. One day I decided maybe I been one wiping for to long maybe my butthole been horrible filthy for years and I just never knew. One day a friend mention an interview about Will Smith were he mention wiping his ass with baby wipes. So buy some and eventually take a poop takes like 20sec dropping a solid log. Looking at the evidence I beholded the moist material in my hand and saw nothing. And the day was good. ","Howard Stern also uses baby wipes. he warms them up in the microwave before use- less uncomfortable sensation.","If your phone has a front facing camera, drop your pants and...well, you see where I'm going with this. ","its funny watching him get it out of his beard ","Also good Russian proverb:\n\nMeasure seven times, cut once.","probly ask the dog","/r/nocontext ","Speaking of no context:\n\n&gt;&gt; Moral of the story, don't eat cum on an empty stomach\n&gt;\n&gt;Wiser words were never spoken.\n\n[What's the context? [NSFW]](https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/3l85dm/im_riley_reid_porn_star_and_cool_human_ama/cv41m3d) |\n[Send me a message!](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=no_context_bot)\n| [Website (Updates)](http://nocontextbot.herokuapp.com)\n\nDon't want me replying to your comments? Send me a message with the title\n\"blacklist\". I won't reply to any users who have done so.\n\n","You called?","This is why I shower after shitting.","can't shower at work/school eh?","Never have, believe it or not lol.","Ah I only went if it was realllly bad","Since we are talking about clean wipes, I figured now is the perfect time to bring up some knowledge I acquired. Wiping is actually 100% diet based. I never realized this until I got older then went on a (most natural) diet for two whole years. I had to cut out all breads, starches, etc. Basically no complex carbs. Within 7-8 weeks I couldn't believe what happened with my body in all sorts of ways. I guess I was detoxifying (goodbye acne). But what I remember the most was not having to wipe ever. It was incredible. One day I was hiking in the woods and just squatted, pooped, buried it and moved on... that was well into the diet so I knew I was wipe free. Sounds trivial but that day in the woods felt so serine in a way. Anyways I'm rambling. When I finally started adding soda and bread back into my diet years later the messy wipes came back. Ughh. But it taught me that humans don't need to wipe either. We did this to ourselves with complicated diets that our bodies have trouble breaking down internally. ","Can you give me a shopping list?  Right now my diet consists of burritos and hard liqueurs.","Ok, basically no complex carbs. I ate all the fruits, veggies, meat (beef, chicken, pork, no preservatives) I wanted. Fish... all of that too. As much butter/salt as I wanted (this helped keep food super flavorful). There are lots of this kinda of diet \"packaged\" out there that you can read about. SCD and Paleo being the two biggest I know of.  I didn't drink alcohol but the dry hard alcohols and dry red wines were some of the allowed stuff.","Very interesting.","Dude","[deleted]","I don't eat with my asshole. Or open doors with it. Or shake other people's assholes. Or cover my mouth with my asshole when I cough or yawn. Or write with it. Or do basically anything else other than shit with it. I like it clean. But I'm not going to stand at the sink and wash it while singing my ABC's","Last year my aunt opened a door with her asshole. However, my uncle says the door opened her.","Wtf ","this pretty much sums up my life.","How do people waffle stomp? I got that damn plug in the way. Waffle stomping is more like fruit rollup sliding the poo into it. Or so I have been told....","It's called a clean get-away\n","lies! No seriously. What do you eat?","He's crippled bro.","That escalated quickly.","*Elevated...Still can't walk bro.","Like the guy above me. Low sugar, high fat and fiber. ","The good old thrice weekly keto dump.","Anyone else read this while sitting on the toilet? ","this is an observation, not a thought.\n\nalso, basically every human that poops does this","On this topic, does anyone ever notice when you're sitting in a stall and you can clearly hear the next person over wiped ONCE and flushed. This has always baffled me. Are some of our fellow citizens so lazy that they walk around with poopy butts?","Or even worse, when they walk over to the sink and splash their hands with water (and no soap) then walk out casually like this is sanitary.","Aw, crap!","After thirty, you're just happy that you didn't shit yourself, and didn't have to bring wet wipes into the situation. ","Protip: get really high first. ","Can confirm.\n\nSource: 4th Level Anus Gazer","Don't bother. I heard its a shit hole.","Trust but verify ","Safe enough to eat off of apparently","I recently was taught that it is far easier to just wash your behind after taking care of business. ","Yeah but safe enough to thunderdong it?"," &gt;the Dr looking inside my penis was only weird for the first 3 times he did it.\n\nThat made mine hurt a bit...and I don't have one. ","What kinda diet/foods are you eating?   ","Low carb/sugar. I almost always had goldens even before I ate healthier. Sometimes you just gotta say \"I'm never wiping again!\"","Buy a Bidet, trust me.","Alcohol dries out mucous membranes like the anus. I use Cottonelle wipes after the fact instead","I like that dry, crusty, cracking feeling ","Challenge accepted.","Get some flushable wipes\nEdit: Yes, get the wipes but don't flush them.","\"Flushable\" wipes are still [terrible for the sewer system](http://www.theguardian.com/sustainable-business/2015/may/26/disposable-wipes-sewer-toilet-cities-flushable) which just wasn't designed for material like that.","By attaching the word \"flushable\" to them, our consciences are collectively eased by the metric fuck-ton.","Just throw them in the trash can?","That's gross lol. I don't want shit in my trashcan ","That's just how it is in a lot of places. Brazilians always throw it in the can because their pipes are so hard to access. ","But why would I want to do that when I can flush my shit down?","Well if you're using tp and your pipes don't suck, you don't have to. \n\nI was just saying that if you're going to switch to wet wipes and the idea of throwing them in the can instead of the toilet seems gross, it's just a matter of perspective and habit. One of those things that is culturally gross but is common in other places. ","Nah just wipe conventional and clean up with the wipes. Best of both worlds. ","That's not going to be something you'll find very often in the US/Canada and isn't going to be socially acceptable here. Regular toilet paper is fine for our sewer systems, but it's the new wipes that cause problems because they're much thicker and don't break apart nearly as easily as regular toilet paper.\n\n*Edit: changed North America to US/Canada because I do recall seeing this in some places in Mexico*","No such thing. Toilet paper is flushable because it disintegrates when its wet. Given that wet wipes stay together...well...\n\nGet a bidet. $20 and 10 minutes to install.","You're talking about the hose bidet right, not the installation of another bathroom fixture?","It's an add-on. Like this type of thing https://www.amazon.com/dp/B003TPGPUW/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_awd_GKwhxb76X86P8\n\nIt's cold water only (you can get more expensive powered ones with warm water).  That made me hesitate for years to bother with one. It's great though, cold water and all.","Interesting.","What is a bidet? (I might invest in this so be my saleman)","This thing https://www.amazon.com/dp/B003TPGPUW/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_awd_GKwhxb76X86P8\n\nIt's great. Cold water only but it's not as bad as it sounds. It's really fucking fantastic tbh...","Oh so it squirts your asshole?","Yep that's all.  I just use that and then use toilet paper to dry.  Some people use washcloths to dry I guess but I wouldn't want to reuse them.  Maybe just throw it in the hamper every time?  I dunno, TP works for me.  Even a piece of paper towel would be fine (since you're drying, not wiping) and just throw it out.","Damn I'd use it but I only let hot/warm water near my bunghole \n\nIt's a condition","Yes a bidet... Even better","But only flush one at a time. Seriously. ","And if you have septic, don't flush them no matter what the package tells you.","And if you have a chamber pot, make sure you scrub them off side before dumping it out the window. ","I was a victim of flushable wipes clogging my septic line, not once but twice. The first time I just didn't realize they were no good for septic despite the fact that I bought the ones that said they were good for septic. Years later, I decided to buy them again and throw them in the trash after use. Turns out its really difficult to break the habit of wiping and flushing. I did it a couple times before I realized and of course the line backed up again. ","They aren't actually ~~flushable~~ (edit: They are... but you shouldn't flush them). They go through, but they fuck everything else up afterwards.","Your toilet must be weak. Mine can take several at a time if i want. ","It's not about the toilet itself, it's the pipes that run from in your house to the main sewer lines. Those were not designed to accommodate wipes, even the so-called flushable ones.","Can confirm eventually it can clog up. My son used them as a toddler and our whole house backed up. Had to pay a plumber to get it \"unplogged\" as my son would say. The only thing that can be flushed is toilet paper regardless of what the product says. ","The *toilet* is fine. The plumbing after the toilet needs some gaps in there.","Just like your mom","No...do not get them. Drive that product out of business. Just because something can fit down your drain should not define it as flushable. That shits just makes for some nasty waste and clogging of sewer pipes.","I didn't say for him to flush them. I never flush them if I ever use them. I recommended them  because I'd sure rather someone use one flushable wipe versus 50 feet of toilet paper.","...do you just put them in the trash then?\n\nSorry...\"flushable\" wipes are something I only learned about in the last year, the idea behind them seems very weird.","Yeeeah I kind of need to know this too. Do this person just have a trash can full of shitty wipes? ...","Thank you for the obvious and correct answer.  :)","I just use mouthwash on some tripled up tp","[sometimes I wipe and I'll wipe...](http://youtu.be/vGCIGEUB32M)","Friend of mine used to suggest playing \"shit roulette.\" the way it worked was, after you think you have taken a clean poo you wipe and then without looking, quickly slap yourself in the face with the toilet paper. ","&gt;CSPAN Gold","Maybe the ones who came up with it did stupid shit, and the ones who still do stupid shit haven't done anything stupid enough to trust the life advices. \n\nI mean generally it feels as if being a responsible adult comes from the fact that there is just less stupid shit left to try and you've done enough stupid shit to realize that 'yeah, that sounds like a bad idea' ","I have no words for the amount of truth in this.","Nice shit post op","Aka every society ever","you should wash with soap and water, wiping with just paper is kinda gross.","Well there is a video of her burning the constitution...","/r/YouSeeComrade ","That sub ruined me for other subs. thank you.","[Saves water, too.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vt7hIk_jZww)","We have that bidet that everyone links to that is easy to attach to a standard toilet, and I recommend it. Bidets are great!","Eat more fiber","Baby wipes. ","/r/toiletthoughts","The mythical no-wiper. \n\nAim high: http://forum.bodybuilding.com/showthread.php?t=128643091","So, this is for my own benefit, but when you wipe do you like bring out the paper and look at it, or do you drop it and hope it lands poop-up and then just look between your legs, or do you hold it way under you so you can see it between your legs?\n\nI need a visual.  It's like no one talks about the best way to wipe.","I had a discussion about this with some female friends of mine. I thought it completely disgusting to bring it up and look at it. I do it by feel. Once I feel resistance I know I am down to skin and I don't need to wipe further. I can't fathom why someone would want to bring poop closer to one's face. \n\nThe female friends thought it gross that I don't do a visual check to make sure it is clean. Now they always assume my butt hole is dirty.","I visual check, but I don't know what the standard procedure is.  I think when I was a kid they said wipe 3 times and that's good enough but there's nooooooooooooo way that's always true.\n\nMust be a 'do what works for you' type thing hahaha","Who is Jeff? ","My past couple of poops have been real messy, like I pinched too soon or somethin. ","I read drop your penis and was very confused ","I've got my rim technique down pat, you?","Far from it ","It's all about dat fiber bro","Well, then evolution needs to catch the fuck up. Seriously nature, we have moved on! Pay attention!","Taste ","I read that as u.s.s. constitution and was wondering why she'd use a frigate as toilet paper.","I keep asking the same question and I never get a satisfying answer!","Word man. Thailand forever changed my pooping habits and standards for cleanliness. Without water doesnt cut it anymore.","I had constantly bad poops there though. Like, even when I ate only rice for a couple days, it was still smelly as all hell. I can eat tons of pizza for several days straight, no problems at all if I take plenty of fiber, but no matter what I did in Thailand... super soft, super smelly, and just unpleasant.\n\nGood thing for bidets though.","Uh. This is why I use water.","I call this the phantom menace. ","[\"Without torture, no science.\"]\n(http://masterrussian.com/proverbs/russian_proverbs.htm)","Ohhhh fuck. Fuck me. Kidney stones run in my family and I'm the only person who hasn't had them yet. I'm really hoping i don't need a doctor to look in my dick. That sounds excruciatingly painful","Fucking hate that proverb. Ofcourse it's fucking russian.","It's a smart way to CYA. It has saved me a lot of time and energy from pursuing frivolous solutions.","Try tongue but hole","Also pretty common in Czech ","You were the source of the problem all along...","Get back to work.","Bidet","Lol aww damn it! You beat me to it!","This happened to me when I was 5. Still not sure if it's my real butthole or if it's all just a dream butthole","I'd rather have a ghost poop.","Yes please, want more info on this diet. I want poop free wipes too.","We are going to need a wipelesspoo subreddit ","Ok, basically no complex carbs.  I ate all the fruits, veggies, meat (beef, chicken, pork, no preservatives) I wanted.   Fish... all of that too.  As much butter/salt as I wanted (this helped keep food super flavorful).   There are lots of this kinda of diet \"packaged\" out there that you can read about.  SCD and Paleo being the two biggest I know of.","Ah, the one wipe wonder. ","wizard wipe!","It's called obtaining reasonable assurance. If you had extra hot tacos today you'd best perform substantive testing and wipe multiple times/check after each every wipe.","Toiletthoughts","get a bidet problem solved.","Take Metamucil regularly and you almost don't need to wipe.  Plus the little bastards come out gift wrapped with a celestial glow about them.","This is the first-worldiest first world problem I've ever seen. ","Doesn't really sound like trust then. \"I was just checking your texts because I had to verify that I trust you!\"","\"I trust that you are being sincere, but I will verify your claims.\"\n\nThat's the context I think of it in, anyway.","I don't know, the guys putting the glass jar inside his butthole was pretty close to the worst one I've seen","I heard these exact words today while watching a documentary about the atomic bomb called The Bomb, interesting! ","What an intriguing name","Good ol' [Baader-Meinhof Phenomenon](http://www.damninteresting.com/the-baader-meinhof-phenomenon/).","Huh, interesting stuff\n\nGood read, I learned something new today. ","http://www.xvideos.com/video940827/horny_sasha_grey_gets_her_asshole_cleansed\n\n","In what food is fiber?","Fruits and veggies are some of the best.","Okay thanks","[Here, have this helpful information.](http://www.todaysdietitian.com/newarchives/063008p28.shtml)","Cool,i will definitly check this out.","The dog barks once for poop and twice for clean.","https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGCIGEUB32M","I just wash with water while wiping and use soap afterwords. Rarely ever get have to wipe more than once, and that first wipe is usually spotless.","[deleted]","You haven't seen a cow shit.","Haha, that's funny. I have that fiber stuff 1-3 times a day and I still only poop once a week, or every other week, and when I do, the wiping is endless. \n\n\nGod I hate my intestines.\n\nI wish it was that easy.","Whoa, man, sounds like you might actually need to lay off it or up your fluid intake. Unless you have a bigger issue going on.","I've been told to up both by my doctor, so I'm drinking a lot more water than I used to, and they are changing meds around... I've been losing weight as ordered as well! \n\nHell, it's been like this for a year so I have no idea. I think my intestines just hate me, ha!","I thought it was pretty straightforward","and i double check again and it comes back red","That sounded like a ad","Lol, yeh I guess if I wanted to do an ad I could file it under like the \"Paleo Diet\" or \"SCD diet\" which are derivatives of what I was eating.","I'll check it out fer ya ;)","Best way to solve this before it happens: put a little coconut oil on your toilet paper. Seriously. Cleans like a miracle and feels lovely. ","This cracked me up -- I'm gonna be filling me first intern position in a few weeks","i had a laf","Wait, that's possible? ","Wet the paper or use a baby wipe, there's a good chance that hole still got some choclatey goodness","[Completely Relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LcwpsH2eaWI)","Risky click of the day","think you could've got it in 3?","Fold and reuse.","Speak for yourself...","It's called a ghost poo","TIL you don't have to lick your shitty asshole after using the toilet.","America needs to adopt bidets. Our buttholes will thank us.","Or get ass naked and sit your tablet or phone on the ground pointed at your the space between your balls and asshole.. You'll see a part of you you've never seen bro. ","Ah the smooth criminal. Doesn't happen very often, but its the highlight of my day when it does.","My mirror is way too high :( 420","then get a friend to check it for you.","I always get a clean first wipe and I can always believe it. It's because I only wipe my ass dry, after I've washed it clean. ","and say \"Poopy Mary\" three times\n\ni dare you","If you are trying to say you'd get your head lost in your ass if you stared too hard then I guess it takes one to know one.","[deleted]","Far from the best showerthought ever. Who plays golf in the woods?","Eventually bad golfers?","Who argued that that is the best shower thought?  Other than you?","This deserves gold","Take it like a man.","Germans have something similar that goes like this:\n\n\"Vertrauen ist gut, Kontrolle ist besser\"\n\nWhich basically means \"Trust is good, supervision/control is better\". ","Smell.","When I do this, my poop floats and I am assaulted by aromas from my own brand that I do not want. ","Wet Wipes. ","I wipe my ass so hard my ass bleeds. Is there something wrong with me or does the shape of my ass hole just keep poop in","I wipe til my asshole bleeds.  If there is no poop then there will be blood.","She was wiping her ass for 30 minutes? What did she eat? ","All these problems with wiping happen because toilet paper is a horrible way to clean your butt.","Paper towels?? Might as well use sandpaper.","I always called it the flawless victory.","Thanks for sharing!","Can you give a little break down of the foods you were eating? I see a lot of diets that say what NOT to eat. But not WHAT to eat ","No complex carbs.   So all fruits, all veggies, any protein (meat), homemade yogurt (removes lactose), as much butter as you want, lots of fish, etc.  ","Some shower thoughts you should just keep to yourself. ","&gt;This is why you place some toilet paper in the bowl before you shit.   \n     \nThere has not been a single incidence in the past decade where my poop was not a pressing emergency. I don't have that sort of time.\n\n","I actually find this super interesting. I cannot shit without doing this, I always find a way to hold on for a few more seconds while I wipe the seat down and throw the paper into the bowl.","I cannot shit without looking behind the toilet and all around the room checking for spiders. I live in Australia.","You spelled Hell wrong.","Avoiding splash back/sitting in piss doesn't seem as pressing a reason as dying, so I understand.","You'd be surprised what an OCD shitter I am then. I have my own ritual, like Gus Fring putting a towel down before he pukes in the toilet. ","I almost did that today. I was so sick it went from coming out of my butt to wanting to come out of my mouth like 5 minutes later. I had a towel and wanted to wrap it in some way but I was dying so I just said fuck it and puked with the toilet seat down. Such is life when your pain surpasses your human sensibilities. ","I had a bout of flu-like sickness a few months ago, so I know the feeling. I was puking my guts out into a plastic bag whilst shitting my brains out. It's hell.","I kind of wanted that to happen, it sounds liberating. Just everything flowing out of both ends of your body at the same time, it's gotta be cleansing in some fucked up way. ","It apparently has something against my balls too. ","....why am i googling this","I always wipe and shower after I poop but that's just me.","I can't for the life of me understand why people still use paper to clean shit off their ass. All you're doing is smearing it. The best way is to wash your ass with soap and water in the bathtub. I remember talking to a massage parlor attendant and she could tell who washed and who didn't. The ones that didn't were the smelliest obviously. It doesn't make sense to use dry paper. Imagine if that was the way you cleaned your hands. Not to mention that white toilet paper has been bleached and has traces of dioxin in it.","For you maybe ","Holy crap man. Shower thoughts I didn't even realize I had. Pun intended","The amount of times I've read this analogy on Reddit...","Muslim invaders rape their way across Europe while the liberals running Reddit amuse themselves with asswiping.","If you're thinking about this in the shower, you're more than likely going to take one when you get out. Start your day over if that happens. ","Actually this happened this morning before my shower, thought about it in the shower. I've gotten my regularity to happen before my morning shower. I rather not walk around with a shitty asshole.","good man. i find walking around with a shitty asshole to be rather uncomfortable as well. ","As a national of a bidet country living in a wiping country, I too walk in constant fear when my morning poop doesn't happen and I may have to use a toilet outside my home.","To those who can't imagine using a bidet or those wet wipes, I ask you this: Say I walked up to you and with my index finger wiped shit on your arm. Then I presented you with three options. A wad of dry toilet paper, a wet wipe or a sink and soap. Which would be your last choice?","I'd love a bidet but they are only standard in Spanish homes. No room for one in British homes so small.","Do you literally mean he'll be trapped in a psychological purgatory, or are you just saying that in the third act of Inception Chris Nolan vanished up his own arse?","It's like I'm wiping a marker ","Just use water. \nWhat's wrong with you Westerners using paper to wipe your ass? That's just sick and unhygienic. ","Relevant username. ","I'm sad no one noticed it.","Lol, I wish that's all it took for me. I swear my bowels just like to spite me.","Sounds like you need one of them poop anal injections to get good bacteria in your intestines.","Double check? I at least triple check, and in both directions. ","\\&gt;Suzanne Massie, a writer on Russia, met with President Ronald Reagan many times between 1984 and 1987. She taught him the Russian proverb, \"Доверяй, но проверяй (trust, but verify) advising him that \"The Russians like to talk in proverbs. It would be nice of you to know a few. **You are an actor – you can learn them very quickly**.\"","You don't have more than one mirror? Man, when I'm wiping I got 360 degrees of precision based wiping coming to bear down on that shit. ","There's a bear involved?","And does that bear shit in the woods?","the shit does not stick to their fur, see. ","Try alternating between dry and moist toilett paper. Prepare your own moist toilettpaper: fold 4 sheets to the sitze of 1/2, moist it, press water out of it. Don't wipe, just dap gently.","Always got to chuck a bit of tissue in first to stop any splash backs.","One Christmas while in college I spent an entire day drinking rum and eggnogs and playing video games.  The resulting poop was a ghost poop as it was almost completely white.  3 litres of eggnog and no food will do that to you","I make sure I shit in the morning before my shower cuz even a full blown ass wiping of epic proportions doesn't save me from swamp ass later. I think I might get one of these, not the Japanese butt sprayer, a bidet lulz.","Your buttholocaust? ","Clean break poops are really just urban legends--it has been proven through studies that they really do not exist.","Omg. Such poetry. And I don't think I've ever agreed 100% with anything quite so much in my entire fucking life. Thank u.","The thing that makes your shits shit is lack of fiber, not complex carbs. Eat lots of oats and you get the same result.","There might be more than one way to achieve it... I'm just stating how I got there.   I was avoid complex carbs for other reasons.   All I know is once I started adding processed foods back and grains the wipes began lol.","This made it to the front page?  Really?  Fuck, Reddit, you have gotten so fucking stupid.","&gt; Ah, the old \"clean break\" poop.\n\nI've always referred to them as the 'flawless victory'. ","Ewwwwww!","I'd already be glad with a single-digit number of wipes.","This made me laugh.","Try swapping out meat and cheese for more fruit and veg. Voila, happy poops :) ","Idk about that. I don't eat dairy and i rarely eat meat. I eat tons of fruits and veggies. I poop easily yes, but my poop is so soft and squishy it spreads all over my butt when I wipe which leads to having to wipe more which leads to bloody butt holes. ","Get a little step stool, put your feet on it when you shit. Cheeks get separated more, less shit on you. ","That sounds like a MAD magazine cover making fun of the Bloody Beetroots.\n\nWhatever happened to the Bloody Beetroots? Warp 1.9 was a pretty decent club tune, and then they just disappeared.","Lol I remember Warp 1.9. That was like, THE club song of my high school years.","It always bothered me that \"vrrrrr vrr vrrrrr\" synth line was slightly off beat. Just enough that it's noticeable. ","Baby wipes! Seriously. Doesn't irritate your ass at all. That or a bidet seems to be your best options here ","Just don't flush then. Even the flushable ones.\n\nI usually wipe with paper and finish with a baby wipe.\n\nAlso got a bidet and that's pretty magnificent. ","Why shouldn't I flush them?","As noted, they can clog your plumbing, especially if you have an older house.  Additionally, they can clog the lateral, which could result in sewage backing up into your house.  Finally, even if they all make it to the sewer main, they can mix with kitchen grease and clog the mains and even fuck up the sewage treatment plant.  A lot of municipalities have had to pay tens of thousands of dollars to add systems to protect against things like \"flushable\" wipes damaging their equipment.  They're seriously the bane of sewage systems.","Even flushable baby wipes can clog up your toilet pipes. ","I rarely eat any meat though :/","But do you eat those veggies?","What do you eat then?","aren't all poops happy poops when it all comes down?","Happy farts for me. ","I tried ev-re-thing under the sun to firm up my dumps and make them clean. But inevitably they came out soft and wet and required many wipes.\n\nNot too long ago I experimented with supplemental GABA. It gave me constipation like you would not believe. But I noticed that when something DID come out the wipes were pristine.\n\nThis got me to thinking \"Could I take the right amount of GABA and make my poop come out at just the right consistency\". The answer, as it turns out, is yes.","I can't eat most fruits. So what just eat veggies? Literally nothing else? ","And now I feel dirty...","My asshole is tough enough for Magic Shave and it's amazing.","Could I get a link? ...For science of course.","And thus the No-Wipe Diet™ was born. Brb gonna go write a book.","No one believes the first wipe. ","Trust, but verify.","There is a difference between you and me. We both looked into the abyss, but when it looked back at us, you blinked.","Don't believe the wype.","\"Sometimes when I wipe, I'll wipe and I'll wipe and I'll wipe a hundred times--still poop. Still poop. It's like I'm wiping a marker or something.\"\n\n--Andy Dwyer. ","My friend is an expert on this.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PBH2NSBe-2Q","You spell wipe weird","They also spell butt, you're, gonna, and cheeks weird.","Just for your information, Muslims clean up with water after pooping. ","They dip their hand in a bucket of water and then wipe their asses. Clean af.","No. They pour water over their asses and use the other hand to clean with.","Depends. If i know that what im wiping comes from satan himself, i let that sucker go. ","I call those ghost shits. Yarr! There be a ghost shit!","I call them swimmers ","&gt;These comments are funny as [removed: hell] shit. \n\nFTFY","shut up, you piece of shit","Calm down there Matt Damon, no need for that harsh vulgarity. ","you absolute turd","You're being a real Barbra Streisand right now. ","It's scary how accurately this describes my life....","I'm standing in line at a restaurant waiting for my food and this made me laugh of loud. I never trust the first wipe...","That right there tells me you're the kind who stays behind to watch the poo go down when flushed. Nothing good comes out of all this, just believe and walk away","It's ok,  we can call it a dick on reddit ;) ","IMO they're pretty shitty","Dogs have that too though. Some way worse than others ","The hair is there to stop it from smelling ","And if thou gaze long into an abyss, the abyss will also gaze into thee.","Squaty potty makes one wipe poops","Again? This has been posted before.","http://youtu.be/vGCIGEUB32M","\"sometimes, when I wipe.. I wipe, and wipe and wipe... still poop.  It's like I'm wiping a marker or something\"\n\nCan't remember what this is from but this quote has always stuck with me.","I have to dig out with an entire roll. Anyone have a solution for this?","sounds like a problem","Thank you. I am cured. What's the bill?","if you dont want the poo to get smeared all over your cheeks, then why stand up? just keep sitting down, and you dont have to spread no cheeks.","Any sotryline involving Sasha Grey's butthole is great by default.","Not even potatoes? I'd be cranky as fuck","Yeh, so a GREAT substitute for fries is butternut squash cut up, salted, and sauteed. ","So do you use like a little garden shovel or what?","Then explain cow and horse shit to me. Now I'm talking about grass fed cattle not feed lot grain fed. Now we're talking same diet of grass. The horse has a majestic shit and cows just don't. I just think you think your shit don't smell.","Well their bodies are probably built quite different ... maybe cows shit really sloppy because they are creatures that are good at fertilizing the earth... so their poop works better a little loose so it spreads?  ","The clean ones usually require a maintenance wipe 30 mins later.","Do you know if there's any science that explains what it is about bread and soda that makes people have those kinds of messy poops?","I think it really just comes down to avoiding complex carbs or things your body has trouble breaking down.  So I was eating tons of fruits, veggies, all meats (beef, chick, pork) with no preservatives obviously, fish, butter, etc.    There are different versions of this kinda diet that people \"package\"... paleo, SCD being a big one, etc.","There is no science that backs this up. But everyone knows processed sugar is shit for you, bread on the other hand? I imagine it depends on what kind of bread you're eating, some bread is fortified with fiber and nuts and stuff. If you're eating white bread constantly I don't think that's good but I don't see what would be wrong with whole grain bread that contains flax, oats, and some seeds. ","[True Bidet](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/35/Bidet_weiss.jpg)","Ah, the nipple of the penis. ","/r/nocontext","Typically I wipe dry till I see no shit...but then I make sure by using wet wipes and thouroughly cleaning my anus walls and ridges...then wipe dry","Seriously. I haven't laughed this hard in a long time. ","Have you heard of the keto diet? Give it a go - sometimes I don't even need 1","You need the new upgrade","I'm dying over here. Am I immature for loving all these poop jokes?","Use the other side","My fiancé says this doesn't work on your period. But otherwise true","What does he know about periods?","He knows all about periods, full stop.","Wash your damn asshole","A man should only need three squares. One front to back. One back to front. One for good measure. ","Eh, I'll make it work. *Unzips...","what kind of shitty porn are you into?","I once looked at my arsehole by squatting above my Kinect, that was the day I learned I'm hairy.","To expand on this tactic, I have put a mirror on the floor, a flashlight beaming upwards, and squatted over top and shaved that shitpipe clean. Such a simple thing to do in life is to gaze at your own butthole, but people rarely do it. ","I'm reading this while taking a very wet shit","I recommend not peering into the great eye of the brown god.  A tangle of red, pulsing veins surrounding the wrinkled brown sphink like the pursed lips of a woman who's spent half her life sucking on the business end of a crack pipe.","You should always want to explore every part of your body. Just think how left out then your butthole must feel if you didn't.","I'm good with it as long as I don't get shit on my hand.  I hate that. ","Sometimes checking the mirror can save from from wiping for the next 10 minutes. ","It's like wiping chapstick sometimes. ","double check with the clean piece of tp in ur hand ","gotta use them baby wipes meng #clutch","I mean,  if you had poo on any other part of your body,  would you really be ok with just wiping it off with a paper towel?","I discovered that I have hair growing around my anus area and it makes wiping a time consuming event. Just shave off the hair and problem solved.","Dont do it. Ill grow back and your anus will get a rash.","Not if you keep shaving. So yeah, if you shave, it's forever.","Wait for the klingons","This is a shit thought","*ToiletThoughts","Everyone: wash your ass/butthole with soap and water. ","Seriously.  I am surprised that I had to go so far down into the comments to find this.  So am I really learning that like 90% of people actually wipe their ass and look at their TP to see how much shit is on it to determine if they need to wipe again?  That just seems so disgusting to me. People actually remove shit from the bowl to inspect it?  Why?","Remove shit from the bowl? They look at the paper before throwing it in.","Lemme guess, you're one of those weirdos that stands up to wipe your ass?  ","What","No joke, my mom didn't know people could have hairy butt holes until I told her about six months ago. Guess she never noticed my dad's? ","She knew.","r/evenwithcontext","Too real","It's because of this:\nhttp://youtu.be/vGCIGEUB32M","Wow what a coincidence, I'm pooping right now.","I finally invested in a bidet this past week. I've never had cleaner wipes. I highly recommend it.","This is life's enteral stuggle.","Doc just needs to suck em out","Lol front page. So many people can relate...","No signs of brown... We must go deeper","Do you look at the paper with shit on it after you wipe? Disguisting.","This comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy. \n\n   If you would like to do the same, add the browser extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) to Firefox and add [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite).   \n\n Then simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.","Also don't do mushrooms and then try that. It might freak you the fuck out... I'm just guessing...","For me it depends on the toilet. Toilets at my work? Rarely have to wipe. Toilet in my apartment? Like wiping a marker. ","Why do you care how many wipes it takes in the first place?","Constipation perhaps?","yeah hes not a dr if it doesnt have the . in front of it. ask dr peper","The good ol phantom poo, some say it is God rewarding you for good karma ","If you want this consistently take psyllium husk capsules. I literally call it the no wipe pills, I of course still wipe.","Friggin washlet. Greatest invention ever conceived by man!","Japs are at it again ","*Ask your doctor about HBS today.*","Japanese and Korean airports! I like the ones that have heated seats and make the sound of running water. \n\n\nAlso a blow dryer ","Psyllium Husk Powder. It's so cheap that you will actually save money on toilet paper. You're welcome.","You are not alone.","If you don't look at the paper, did it really happen?","And it's always a bit dark and solid too... It tricks you!","I thought everybody was trolling. Do people really wipe and look at their poop? Sounds like a good way to get shit all over your leg and on your hands. Pretty sure id vomit if i tried that\n\nThis always happens in these threads. I think the whole stand up to wipe / look at shit filled tp is a big troll conspriacy that everybody is in on\n","but you're wiping anyway.","A bidet is literally $25 on Amazon you heathens ","[$16.76 for a used one](http://www.amazon.com/gp/offer-listing/B003TPGPUW/ref=sr_1_2_olp?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1461545613&amp;sr=8-2&amp;keywords=bidet&amp;condition=used)","I think I'd like to buy some used underwear and a used toilet seat for use with that. I might even grab some used toothbrushes while I'm at it.\n\n\nFor real though, who the fuck would buy a used bidet?","I wouldn't ... especially would not if you include shipping ($22.23 vs $25.95 for a new one)","Ah yes. The flawless victory.","You can't always poop how you want\nYou can't always poop how you want\nBut if you wipe it twice\nYou just might find\nYou only needed to wipe once...","Buttholes can be deceiving, you've gotta watch 'em.","Since it seems like you've done a lot of no wipers, have you ever not wiped but then realized later on that you should've? any poop stain incidents that questioned your confidence and judgment?","No, I always wipe, just a no-wiper would be if you didn't yield anything!","\"Show me 5 anuses and I couldn't tell you which is mine\" HAHAHAHA","What did you eat?","Ok, basically no complex carbs. I ate all the fruits, veggies, meat (beef, chicken, pork, no preservatives) I wanted. Fish... all of that too. As much butter/salt as I wanted (this helped keep food super flavorful). There are lots of this kinda of diet \"packaged\" out there that you can read about. SCD and Paleo being the two biggest I know of.\n","can you give some details of this diet? I need to try this wipeless poo. ","Just eat any food that comes in a package with the Guaranteed Wipeless label.","boy it would be great if that was a thing","Ok, basically no complex carbs. I ate all the fruits, veggies, meat (beef, chicken, pork, no preservatives) I wanted. Fish... all of that too. As much butter/salt as I wanted (this helped keep food super flavorful). There are lots of this kinda of diet \"packaged\" out there that you can read about. SCD and Paleo being the two biggest I know of.  Oh, I also cultured/incubated my own yogurt (removes lactose!)... fun!","i vaseline my aNYUS","Keep a small spray bottle filled with water near the toilet. LIGHTLY spray your TP before you wipe. Also eat more fiber, you probably either have too mushy that gets stuck to everything, or little pieces that don't come all the way out. \n","I just took a shit, wiped and it came back like a mud pit. FML I'm going to be here for a while ","Scout wiping, it's allowed for verification purposes. ","Bidets anyone?","Well it's not like we evolved to have rough paper dragged vigorously across are exposed arseholes","He made a stool to help make a stool. ","just curious, how many stories about penises do you read exactly?","Many.Reddit is pretty obsessed with penises tbh","Bwaaah😄😄","TIL some people wipe their buttholes till they bleed.","But you don't have anything to lose either!","&gt; Don't look too long though or you will be lost to the 4th level of limbo à la Inception.\n\n[My immediate thought upon reading this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdAwGKk8a4M)","\"Wipe mean, so clean.\"™","Nice. ","sometimes, I hate people, but it is comments like these that really put a smile on my face (:","The best is finding a tiny bit. Enough to make sure you didn't miss it, but not too much to warrant another wipe","One wipe, a raw food diet will make all your dreams come true...","[I don't believe you](http://imgur.com/Ufbr5ej)","I slam dunk it and celebrate","Most Muslims wash with a water spout and their left hand. ","You don't have to.\n\nAnd for most of our time on Earth, we didn't.\n\nPersonal hygiene has reached its current stratospheric levels only recently, and only under marketing pressure. \n\nWe have long passed the point of diminishing returns, and are now using products that have no benefit except to defend against the social disapproval whipped up by the products' makers.\n\n/once you go wipies, toilet paper seems barbaric","Truly the gas chamber","Its a great advertisement but its an overpriced product. I can and have made something that functions identically out of wood. Its 3 planks I sawed into approximately correct distance and then nailed together.","ITT: people without a bidet","summoning r/nocontext ","We also invented carpet.  To bad for us if the dog's the only one to figure it out.","Are you implying that you've read a better story about your own penis?","maybe...maybe not..","Shit poor, really.","I had a ninja poo the other day and was appropriately mystified.  ","Trust butt verify.","As Reagan said, \"Trust, but verify.\"","This one's SFW. In fact it might be considered research.","Not one person should ever have a poo with only one wipe.  I am not the one that is going to put this in r/showerthoughts.","When I was on keto, I rarely pooped. And when I did, it was ghost poops every time. \nNow that I'm back on the American food diet, every one is a five-wiper, double-flusher, murky mess. ","I am scared to death. Soda gives you this shit?","It depends what kind of stone you have. Mine was calcium oxalate. Cola is very high in oxalate and being that basically all I drank was Pepsi, that was most likely the main culprit. I also used to eat PB&amp;J sandwiches a few times a week. Peanut butter is also apparently a high oxalate food. If you're a big soda drinker, it is probably a good idea to limit your intake. I also have to avoid tea, cinnamon, spinach and about 10 different fruits. ","I'll make sure to ask about this next time I have a visit with a nutritionist.\nI used to drink a lot of cola and coffee (allied with some fry food once in a while), which gave me gastritis. Now I'm trying to be healthier.","Late, but r/toiletthoughts","Hooray! ","Just wipe until you see red.","Perhaps \"constructed\" would have been a better word.","I can vouch for this guy I'm that what he says is true because, it happened to me.","I tend to wipe with dry paper once or twice, then I use one of those wet wipes to finish cleaning it. I've never understood those people who wipe once and call it a day.","Wir fahren fahren fahren auf der autowash...","Well, we don't *have* to wipe. We could just be like dogs and drag our ass on the carpet whenever it itches. \n\nOr lick it clean","I laughed too hard at this ","I feel like I'm gonna be judged for admitting I rarely use toilet paper. I use water instead to ensure my butthole is clean as a whistle, with hopes that one day my butt might actually whistle. ","Unless most countries finally move onto washlets (inside-toilet sprays).","I never knew that I wanted to takes a squat poop until reading this. It makes so much sense!","It's called the elusive \"No Wiper\" because after the preliminary-and frankly customary-first wipe, you never trust yourself enough to believe you could have had a No Wiper so you check again, thus eliminating the chance to have a No Wiper. I truly feel they are a gift from the Gods above. ","Only difference is your butthole is real ","Very educational thank you ","That's why there's no such thing as a one wiper.  ","From the very beginning of the story, we all knew where this was heading: horrible empathy pains in the dick region.\n\nSomehow we still all kept reading. It's the literary equivalent of a train crash.","I used to have ghost wipes all the time in college.  It was awesome.  I miss those days.","Take your upvote and leave","I shall come back to this comment with gold to offer, have no fear.","We would not need to wipe at all if we would eat healthy and would squat to take a shit. It's not poor design, it's poor choice on our part. No animal shits sitting down on a chair, it makes no sense.","Relevant and also hilarious\n\nhttp://m.imgur.com/gallery/JEpHDGQ","get yourself some baby wipes...your welcome ","Get a sturdy TP and tear of 5-6 sheets, fold them in half and then half again until you have about 1/3 the width of a sheet. Now dampen it with hot (not burning hot) water. Shove that shit in your butthole using a single finger to dig in there, repeat as long as necessary. If your finger is piercing the TP then either 1. Your TP isn't sturdy enough, 2. You aren't using enough TP or 3. You are using too much water. Also, you are constipated, drink more water and eat some fiber. Source: I'm a man in his mid-thirties who always had the same problem and now have a whimpering puddle of a butthole. Trust me, an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.","My daily internet dose for today is over. I shall go to bed now.","This story was amazing, I've had kidney stones but your procedure sounds nothing like mine\n\nI'm guessing it was a long time ago? I think they stopped using ultrasound to break them while ago","Friend of mine had his kidney stones broken down by ultrasound a few months ago, so the procedure seems to still be applied. ","i thought the \"go to\" procedure was laser these days, i thought the ultrasound used to do damage to the kidney? \n\nunless they made it better or something","I really don't know, maybe standard procedures differ from country to country, or there was a special reason to use ultrasound on my friend.","My soundwave litho only broke up my 7mm stone into 2 pieces, to become relodged a week later. \n\nI had emergency basket and laser retrieval once they took me home from the ER the next day. \n\nFuck ALL OF IT. ","Hello I am being from India hi to you non-India but I wonder curious what it mean wipe thank you","Wiping is the act of removing poop from your anus and surrounding area by method of dragging a small piece of (usually soft, but not always) paper over your anus. This barbaric act is done by most of the American population. \n\nWe are slowly becoming civilized by adopting the cool cleansing splash of water to the anus set forth by our cousins across the sea.\n\nI am of the barbarian population as noted.","Which are usually the cause of the bleeding buttholes","Condolences.","Look people, the ASTOR 1000 is less than $50 bones, save some trees   and cure the swamp ass in one cold squirt and a light tp dab.\n\nplease. ","Thanks - I just looked into the Astor 1000. Great idea. \n(When I've lived in other countries, they had bidets... why don't we Americans?)\n\n","I switched a few years back and don't regret it for a second.  I normally compare it to cleaning the dishes with paper towels and most of my friends look at my like i'm crazy.  Now I know between 10 of them they have 1 solid shit every 6 months, so instead of living the good life they keep lying to themselves that a bidet isn't better.  \n\nThere is no world in which shit is better handled without the sin rinsing bidet.\n","I couldn't agree more!!!  You feel so fresh and clean after!!","Pooping-based shower thoughts are a finicky thing - it's hard to get traction, but when the right (brown) note is hit, it slides all the way to the front page.","Barbarians, the lot of you. Buy a washlet. A Toto travel washlet can be had for 60 dollars. You will thank me. If you can afford a stationary one, install one, it's even better (or allowed to, if you rent). But you need the travel one anyways because once you start using a washlet you can't live without one: ineffectively sandpapering your own skin will look so backwards.","Do nonasians just not wash their ass afterwards?","I had 'rroids for the first time recently. Thank christ they were the internal kind. Back to wiping like I'm sanding a piece of unfinished pine.","I mean, you don't have to","This is some sketchy shit.","http://threewordphrase.com/opportunity.htm","Your pain is my upvote, for what it's worth.","Bidet $25, installation $250, the pleasure of a clean browneye, priceless. ","Install it yourself in ~10 minutes. Too easy.","You gots to believe.","How do blind people know when they're finished wiping?","feel?","Get a squatty potty: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YbYWhdLO43Q","The squatty potty is just a peice of plastic. My stool thing is a few peices of wood I nailed together that function indentically to a peice of plastic. Squatty potty costs 25 dollars. My stool thing costed me like 10 minutes in my toolshed and some spare wood I had laying around. Why in gods name would I buy a squatty potty.","/r/nocontext","It's because of our bad diet. Just eat some more fiber and you could do it like the animals.","I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:\n\n- [/r/shitpost] [\\/r\\/showerthoughts has a post on the top of \\/r\\/all that has nearly 1,000 comments discussing your habits for cleaning your asshole when you take a shit.](https://np.reddit.com/r/shitpost/comments/4gb6xv/rshowerthoughts_has_a_post_on_the_top_of_rall/)\n\n[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*\n\n[](#bot)","I used to wipe once and was clean as a whistle. Enter the villainous external hemorrhoid and it's a different ballgame. No amount of wiping works. Even worse, 30 minutes after a BM, and I itch like I didn't bother wiping at all. Wtf?  I use more tp than a sorority house. I f'n hate it ","I know your pain all to well.","Why in the Lord's name does this happen? I'd like to know the anatomy behind this problem ","Solution to this:  wet wipes.    It helps.","I use Kirkland brand baby wipes with a splash of witch hazel. It *does* help but the hour or so later I'm back to hemi hell. Sorry so graphic. It makes me want to leap off a bridge ","Use Preparation H.... If that doesn't work, you might need to have an operation.... The operation is no fun... but it's better than being in pain all the time!","Found Agnes Skinner!","Totally thought of this - stay through the end : http://youtu.be/wiBi0xMF9UY","Yeah I wouldn't trust that asshole either.","Wow this is weirdly relevant to my life as I'm getting lithotripsy on Wednesday. I have a really bad surgery/anesthetic phobia and am freaking the fuck out but I have multiple stones in each kidney.","Actually, they didn't fully knock me out.  They said I needed to be semi-coherent so I could \"tap out\" if the pain got too bad.  I asked what happened if I tapped out and ey said then they'd X-ray me and if they didn't get it, I'd have to go through the procedure again.  I figured there's no way I'm tapping out, but after a few minutes, I did indeed tap out.  No idea why.  It didn't hurt at all, but the relentless ticking is kind of how I imagine the Chinese water torture.  It just annoyed me to the point I wanted it to be over with and I gave up.  I'd be a terrible spy apparently.  Let me know how yours goes.  I don't know anyone else who has gone through this and I'd like to know if it's as annoying as I remember or if I'm just a big baby.","Damn. I will be doing the same \"conscious sedation\" thing and am utterly terrified at having any recollection or awareness of the experience. ","Don't worry.  It was actually a really interesting experience.  I wasn't incoherent.  Just \"relaxed\".  I could talk and answer questions.  It was like a couple glasses of wine.  The only thing that was weird was my tap out.  I told myself I wasn't going to tap out unless the building fell down, but I tapped in a few minutes.  That's why I want your thoughts on it.  Overall, I have no fear of having to do it again. I felt it was more of a spa day than a surgical procedure.  Just one thing...  They said I couldn't leave until I urinated.  That was \"interesting\".  Let's just say, no pain, but tomato soup and gravel comes to mind.  Keep me posted.  You'll be fine.","RemindMe!  4 days","Have faith man, go for the no wipe.","stupid americans!  i haven't wiped my butt in years...it's called a $20 bidet","Just because this seems to be on topic: portion control and quality of ingredients. I just became so absurdly broke that I've been cooking every meal and portioning them in advance. Now, it all comes down FLAWLESS. ","Proper diet and proper form (squatting like eastern counries, not sitting like western counries) are the key.","This. Seriously. It's actually disgusting now that my asshole is always lickable clean, and everyone I will see during the day likely has a dirty smelly asshole, because we're barbarians in the US. Gross. ","and class","Sometimes I like to live on the edge and believe in the one clean wipe....don't always believe in the one clean wipe.","You probably wouldn't if you exercised enough.  I rode my bike to school 1 - 3 times a day most days, 3 miles each way, fairly flat, and I didn't have to wipe my ass for a whole year, even after nights of Blackjack pizza and drinking.  Every single shit was like a submarine leaving on her maiden voyage.","I work in concrete construction so get plenty of exercise and eat a fiber rich diet and drink only real juice and water.","Maybe it just worked for me.","and long may our glorious work continue! ","If I take probiotics this happens nearly every time, like just now.","Clean break huh? Good on ya mate! \n","I think my life just changed","An entire Reddit thread devoted to...poop.\n\nAnd I'm here posting.\n\nI don't know man..","true luxury, blow drying your asshole","I wipe twice after I seen it clean because trust issues.","That seems wasteful (lol) - I have [this](http://www.amazon.com/Astor-Non-Electric-Mechanical-Attachment-CB-1000/dp/B003TPGPUW/ref=sr_1_1?s=kitchen-bath&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1437146312&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=bidet&amp;pebp=1437146314089&amp;perid=034QYP8MTFW96XFPAKNK) bidet that's a heck of a lot cheaper and works well.  ","If I wasnt a broke sum'bitch I would give you gold.\n\nhttp://imgur.com/gallery/sy9lVl4\n\nI hope this will suffice.","It won't. ","Am going on this diet tomorrow just for this ","Your Arseschwitz? ","flushable wetwipes.   Your ass will never be the same","My life. Right here","Ah yes, the classic double wipe and swipe. This does qualify as an Elegant Poop. More than likely what you described is a *sinker* and this is evidence of a diet that may require extra leafy greens and fibers incorporated. ","Flawless shit ","I need to be honest here, I have no idea how civilized countries all over the world still do not use [this](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bidet). I cannot even imagine living with my asshole itchy and not perfectly clean due to only cleaning it with toilet paper. It's horrifying.\n\nEdit.: for more clarity, you first give a toilet paper swipe, just a soft and mild one, then you wash it. No irritation, perfect cleanage (is it a word?), no smell. Really quick.","[deleted]","Really wish \"Fuck Fiber\" was able to fit as knuckle tattoos.","I think you could fit the \"Fi\" one one finger!\nFTFY","Was gonna say you could probably just shorten fiber to fibr, but then most people would think you're saying \"fuck fibbers\" and that would make you look like a chump.","| F | u | c | k |   | F | i | b | e | r |\n\nEdit: do you not have 6 fingers on your left hand?","Fiber cereal =/= fiber from veg and fruits, where it should come from.","Look up the difference between non water soluble and water soluble fiber","Which one's better?  How much of each should I get?","I'm too lazy to look it up but I think you need a balance of both. Not sure what foods has which in it. I think cellulose is insoluble and we don't get enough of it usually. I'm saying this from memory soi you should look it up to be sure. In fact I think I first learned about it from a Reddit post.","Sounds like you're eating too much fiber, which is also a problem. ","Oh so fiber is bad for you and I need to cut it out of my diet completely? ","Your username is an anagram for: I moron. And you're acting like one. ","Well I cut the fiber out of my diet like you said. It's worked so far... haven't even had to poop for days!","Same, I've never understood why people encourage fiber diet to consolidate shit.","Well for me, it makes it nice and liquidy, which means it comes out fast and wipes clean. Maybe people react to it differently ","*vegetables ","See this is why I installed a bidet on my porcelain throne, keeps the ring of fire clean and smooth ","me too. I got one with enough force that it can actually shoot up inside you, you wouldnt believe how many remnants are still up in there. Feels like you're having diarrhea when you \"shit\" the water out, except that it doesnt hurt or burn.  ","Looks like that guy *lost his shit*","Where is it from? ","You...looked? \n","One issue: Chapped anus\nNo thank you, I'm not sharing my Chapstick with that *asshole*","Good lord, this story is a roller coaster ride from start to finish.","Ahh the ever elusive ghost shit","Only the brave or crazy dont wipe a second time to confirm having a 'sick no-whipper' as me and my roommates call it.","...I don't get it? You expect to clean everything in a single sweep? That seems a little optimistic.","Always wipe twice to make sure you only needed to wipe once ","What you got there is a 'two wipe' or 'silver drop' dear man.\nA one wipe, or 'golden drop' (Dufour et al., 2006) is when you wipe once, it's clean, and you're gone without wiping a second time.\n\n","/r/nocontext","And this is a default sub.  Jesus.  ","It's called \n\nTHE IMMACULATE DEFECATION","Billy Mayes here! \nAre you tired of wiping your rear multiple times? Too lazy to change your diet? For only 3 easy payments of $19.99, you can use: ASwipe.  Because with ASwipe, you only need..  A swipe! \n\nIt's designed specifically to target human waste and eliminate it with our patented 'Elimipoo' technology. The most advanced toilet paper ever! Anyone can use it and when you're done, just toss it in the laundry. Machine wash safe, and it won't shrink. \n\nCall now and receive 2, yes 2! ASwipes,  for the price of one. But wait there's more! Be one of the first 100 callers and we'll include the Smellfie Stick!  Never worry about having to reach back there again, with the Smellfie Stick, you can clip on the ASwipe for easy, painless wiping. \n\nWhat are you waiting for? Give us a call at 1-800-555-WIPE.","Oh okay, then yes.","Lol I just tell them it literally has everything on the internet","Yep, ever since I saw the commercials for the Squatty Potty I always either place something in front of the toilet to elevate my feet, or I just lift up my legs to where I'm basically squatting but still sitting on the toilet. It's amazing how much easier it is to shit. Those squatty potty people weren't lying. It's funny that they say it's a \"patented\" product, considering it's literally just a small plastic step stool...","So your weight is still on the toilet seat, but your legs are bent upwards as if you were squatting? How tall is your stool?","I don't even have a squatty potty but my stool is almost a foot long sometimes. ","You should thank me for setting this up for you.","I honestly thought you meant poo stool, I wrote the comment and then read yours again and realized I accidentally made a joke. Thanks anyway heheh","Not even gonna ask why you're measuring your stool...","I measure with my eyes","Check our the Squatty Potty. $25 - designed with better poops in mind.","In horse measurements, like 1 hands below the rim.\n\nEdit: I do not have horse farmer hands.","Thats more of a toilet thought","The real question here is, do you use the same one to double check ?","Wiping your shit with dry toilet paper is disgusting. Try wetnaps or even dare I say..water? ","You people are gross","It depends, some of the higher end ones are self-cleaning.","the mods would have a fit if this was posted there ","[I've analyzed your comment and made a easy to understand graph.](http://i.imgur.com/th6mpgk.jpg?1)","This is the best work we've ever seen, you're hired!","Mine has a nozzle clean option. I haven't had it long enough to know if it needs a proper scrubbing though","Get yourself a bidet","It's fine. You just have to make sure you get a bidet for your bidet. ","Ah the elusive \"phantom poo\"","You can't always poop how you want\nYou can't always poop how you want\nBut if you wipe it twice\nYou just might find\nYou only needed to wipe once...","Some countries have just a hole in the floor you squat over.  Actually more efficient than a toilet. ","The internet is the only place I feel comfortable admitting this, but I have to wipe somewhere between 5-7 times. Never, ever, in one or two wipes, for certain.","That is the most South African looking thing I have ever seen.","That's very unsanitary. Bacteria + moisture + heat = more bacteria. That's why I'll always choose paper towels over a hand dryer.","i have a solution for this, wet or baby wipes. Cleans your ass dry and you puts an end to the forever wiping. ","I'd rather not have my restroom bin be filled with poop wipes. ","You can flush them...","they are flushable wipes. ","They actually aren't flushable. They just market that they are","I can flush tons of stuff that isn't even marketed as such: rice krispies, salt, dryer lint, ginger ale, cocaine","That is a fantastic list of things.","And I'm sure you'll find them all quite flushable! Cheers!","Plumbers love him!","This made me blow air out my nose. ","This was my shopping list last week. ","Flushable is intended to mean that I will break down in the water so it doesn't clog pipes and whatnot. Anything can be flushable in the same sense that anything can be a dildo. Doesn't mean it should be/actually is :)","I switched to wet wipes a year ago and just recently my entire neighbourhoods road was dug up due to the sewage pipes being completely clogged by them. I was mortified but thankfully they couldn't find out who caused it but I'm sure I was the main culprit.\n\nI hate using toilet paper so I'm installing a [Bum Gun](https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=bum+gun&amp;prmd=isvn&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiOqKOEpqjMAhWEOxoKHdvxAF8Q_AUIBygB&amp;biw=1024&amp;bih=653&amp;dpr=2#imgrc=NCz5LWtD735IPM%3A), I first saw them in Asia and they are amazing.","Just because the manufacturer writes flushable on them doesn't make them flushable.  These things don't disintegrate like tp and cause massive buildup in the sewer system.  And sometimes they don't make it that far and totally clog up your own system.  I work in a hospital and some aides flush them and it has forced us to shut down all water to 3 separate floors because they were all flooding due to these wipes.\n\nDont be an asshole and flush these wipes.  If not for the public good of not contributing to fatbergs, then for your own good of not screwing up your own pipes.","I remember having this argument once.... It true they did not used to be, like a year ago. But 'shit' happened in DC and London, lots of cities that have older smaller waste water systems.\nThe new ones after that that you can buy now break down pretty quick. Go buy some and toss them in the tub, or.... Have your kids do it. Way more fun for the family. ","I don't think it's fair to call someone an asshole for flushing FLUSHABLE wipes. I mean not everyone is aware of the issues associated with them and they are after all labeled as being flushable. ","Don't worry, I don't flush them. Growing up, a rule was to throw away the shit paper in the garbage. ","Still horrible for sewage systems. ","Inafteracouplecommentssayingtheyarentflushable\n\nThink about it this way, if they were truly \"flushable\" and \"designed to break down\" how do they maintain structural integrity to wipe while wet?","the reason they don't break down is because they're wet with butter, not water. nothing like a nice butter buttwipe.","Bidets for the win","Even then, it can still last for a few wipes, but it saves you the feeling of your arse being a sanded piece of wood. ","Bidet is better. No waste, feels lovely.","I just use my hand. ","You sound like an atheist","What kind of savages just use paper? You don't wash it with soap and water afterwards? ","You should see dog's butthole. It is remarkable that dogs shit without wiping and they are so clean. Human shit is messy and has layer of mucus like coating.","I'm compelled to comment ","Sounds about right","there is only one way to reach true nirvana ","What show is it?","Oh man.  You're in for a treat.  It's Parks and Recreation.","Ah. It's on my list. ","You lucky fuck. I wish I could relive P&amp;R for the first time.","Yeah but he can't talk about it with everyone without hearing them bitch about having already seen it. It's pretty fuckin stupid.\n\nSource: happened to me and it was dumb cause I was working so much it took me about 2 months to watch it all (I also did other shit but work was most prevalent) so I had like no one to talk about my thing binge watch show with and it almost made we quit watching after a while ha....but I'm glad I held out its an amazing show ","Just a warning, though: the first season is bad, and does not represent the quality that comes later in the series. But thankfully it's a pretty short season. ","This is next level shit-posting..","My body does this naturally I think. Jealous?","&gt;I think  \n  \nNo, I'm pretty sure I'm the exact opposite of jealous.","Try wiping harder","As an expat living in Thailand... a powerful spray gun is ALL you need! Don't even need paper! Whenever I return to the US, I definitely plan to install one of these gadgets. Wiping with paper now seems like a disgusting method in retrospect. Water, water, water! STRONG streams of water!","OK... but then your ass is all wet after?!","Also, brown ballerinas.","[deleted]","Elaborate? ","[deleted]","I'm sure they still wipe, they just don't have to do it more than once. \n\nAlso even if he didn't that's an awful reason to think that's how epidemics start... ","LPT: Always do 20 wipes no matter what.","think about it, you won't know that it will only require one clean wipe until you wipe the second time","You're not aiming high enough, the angel poo is the real dream. The 0 wiper, something to truly aspire toward.","ick. I can't understand why someone would purposely bring poop closer to the face. I do it all by feel. Why would anyone want to look at it?","I have one question... How do you guys wipe? Upwards or downwards? I personally wipe downwards (less unconfortable for me)","Upwards...downwards hurts","How's that one good saying go?\n\nWipe once shame on you. Wipe twice shame on me.","Used to call it the clean sweep","Don't believe the wipe...","That gif needs more jpg","This probably wasn't a shower thought...","😂 I'm crying","So was I...","Starting your day with no paperwork is truly a gift. ","The moment I started to workout (even light at home ab exercises) I went from an infinity wiper to a 1-2 wiper","You need to get this published.","Quite the set up for just getting dental floss in your dick","You might get water splashes but that just can be wiped up easily.","Bidet for 35 bucks on Amazon.  Changed my life.  ","In the US, we make them vice presidents. ","VP Joe Bidet","If you want to spray cold water on your ass. ","Then we should make our toilets lower to the ground for maximum sphincter dilation * ^--&gt; ^O","You check?","Hello my name is Henry and I am currently sitting on the toilet. ","What is a nature?","I don't wipe. I use that handshower thing that you don't have in murica","Here in Finland basically every toilet has a bidet. Not many uses those for washing after a number two, but I'm one of them and I've been doing this for like 5 years now. Sure you need to assist with a hand and naturally wash them afterwards too! I also have a dedicated towel for drying my ass. It just makes so much more sense when you stop to think about it. You wouldn't wipe poop from your hands with a paper towel either, would you? Nowdays when ever I'm forced to use a public toilet where washing is not an option I usually get itchy later on. Good indicator that wiping just isn't enough. \n\n","Once you have a bidet the thought of having to go somewhere without one is a primitive disappointment.\n\nHere's the one I have and it's fantastic:\n\nLuxe Bidet Neo 320 - https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00A0RX2UI/","Took a shit while reading this. First wipe was clean. In your name I won't wipe again. Pray for me brothers. ","I wish I had those. I usually get the ones where I think I'm done wiping and my ass is like, \"But wait! There's more!\". Feels like damn as seen on TV ad.","Metamucil. The wonder powder. \n\nAs in, \"I wonder if I really just did a shit.\"","Seriously it feels like I'm about to start a fire. Sometimes I swear I see smoke","Especially since it would be upside down and reversed ","Take 3x recommended dose of Metamucil 2x day. You'll have hermetically sealed clean wipage. ","Oh wait so it's not one of those shower tubs? I figured they were already showering in the tub. But if they got out of a separate shower and walked over to piss in the tub, that's very strange. Why not walk to the toilet?","That and wet/baby wipes and you can feel clean and fresh until the next dump. ","The image of a squatting, shitty assed hunter taking aim at teenagers has me gigglin. Upvote for you!","So that's why I have pink eye....","https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYXLKRNCVrw","Uhhh... wouldn't it be brown eye?","Nope. I think it should be pale yellow eye","Noooooooooo, should've tied that shit.","completely based on food intake and type of food. Want clean poos, Eat protein and in moderate amounts. ","I shat in the tub once. Not on purpose, mind you. I just had real bad diarrhoea and the bathwater acted like a very slow enema, gradually turning brown until my girlfriend walked in and pointed it out. She helped shower me down and comforted me. I lay on her bed with my head on her lap while she gently stroked my hair. Apparently it was adorable. I didn't see it that way myself. I miss her.","Aww, she's so sweet. She always tells me that story when I'm feeling sad. \"At least I'm not like her last boyfriend\" I say. She has nice tits, doesn't she?","Something hail corporate will hate me for, but I use One Wipe Charlies.","I literally read this in between wipes of that exact scenario. It kind of reminded me \"D-TOX... you still need to check...\"","I just got one of those heated Japanese toilet seats. Also cleans your asshole. Feels good man ","Trust me, I always check twice. ","Either your axes are reversed, or I've seen a lot fewer buttholes than the average person. Also, wouldn't mL be a better measure for quantity of butthole blood?","it took me 1 minute to make","I don't know what my problem is but sometimes I'll wipe... And I'll while and wipe and wipe... It's like a marker.","VTFU For the parks and recreation reference. Damn you Andy!!!","Bidet. that's what you need in your life friend.","Edit: I stand corrected. Non-electric bidets are a thing. \n\n~~Bidets are powered, so you do need an electric outlet near the toilet, which isn't too common. It's easy enough to add but is a consideration.~~","That's actually not true. I have one that I got off amazon and it is not electric. Works great. \n\n\nLink: http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B003TPGPUW/ref=mp_s_a_1_2?qid=1461538994&amp;sr=8-2&amp;pi=SX200_QL40&amp;keywords=bidet&amp;dpPl=1&amp;dpID=31DZfu08OPL&amp;ref=plSrch","Whoa - TIL!  ","I highly suggest one. They are pretty amazing. And very easy to set up!","Thanks. My two toilets are already bidet-enabled - although electric. Perhaps these newfangled nonelectric ones hadn't been invented yet :)","this\n\ngetting a bidet add-on is a pain in the ass (no pun intended)","I got one for like $25-30 and installed it in 10 minutes. No electricity needed. \n\nI only hesitated to get one for so long due to the cold water issue... It's not bad at all though. Even in the winter.","Life Pro Tip:  Lubricate before pooping to reduce the need to wipe.","I know you're hiding there somewhere you piece of shit.","Hey, mint floss ain't nothin' compared to shooting a sea urchin out my dick. Kidney stones are the worst.","The shit-clock's ticking Ricky.","Do you not bathe/shower after?!!! I guess I am a weirdo, but I've always Brushed, Shaved, Poo'd, Wiped, Bathed, Showered, Washed my hands twice, then Dressed. Does nobody else do this??!!!","So you take a shower when you have to poop at work at lunch time? ","Yah, but I wear sandals to prevent the spread of foot fungus.","How much do you take? Pills or spoonfuls?","Depends on your general diet but a heaped teaspoon or two a day,  swirled in  a large glass of water is not a bad start. \n\nCapsules are easier but more expensive and you have to remember to drink a lot of water with it. ","I got into an argument with my friend that the term 'no wiper' is a misnomer because you have to wipe at least once to know if you're clean. My view is that the term refers to the number of wipes you need to *get clean*. The reconnaissance wipe doesn't count.","i did when i was a kid\n\nnot sexual or anything, i just remember looking at my actual butthole in the mirror, because hey, its crazy to be given a brand-new body! ya gotta check it all out, see the lay of the land, know what you're workin with. right?","Thats when you just laugh back at them and give them a thumbs up.","I took a poop in a park when I was a kid and it was white.","/r/nocontext ","Well you wouldn't want to cause a panic.","imagine if you had been eating hotwings before you spliced on the floss","I fold the Toilet paper and stick my finger up my Turd cutter to make sure there's nothin left. It gets itchy if I don't. ","This is so true that it's just hilarious 😂","Always finish with a pre moistened bathroom wipe, which will save you from taking showers every day just because your grundal area stinks.  Just don't forget to dry it with a few quick waves of dry paper, followed by one last wipe to leave it dry or you might get fungal growth.\n\nYou wouldn't simply wipe shit off your face with a napkin and go about your day, would you?   Also baby powder on after shower balls feels amazing and will keep you feeling fresher longer. ","Always good to get a second opinion ","They have a bathtub with a showerhead, unlike a standup shower that you can't have a bath in.","I installed a bidet. When I got food poisoning from Mexico I spent 3 days on the toilet. The only reason my asshole isn't a burning pile of wreckage is because of that bidet. Super cheap on Amazon. Will change your life.","What the fuck are you talking about you fucking drunk fuck?  Shit of bliss? Fuck off Lahey!","[deleted]","wat ze fuck","Wipe till there's friction. That's what a blind man told me.","These confuse me. I have to see a video of it in use. I feel like aiming would be an issue. I'm just picturing having to wipe away wet shit anyway. Perhaps I go too deep when I wipe, because no nozzle could possibly do what my middle finger can. ","I call those nasty pasty ones that require multiple wipes (&gt;5) \"the printing press.\"","http://i.imgur.com/WjKJpi9.gifv","And then only poop at home the rest of your life.  ","I must say you're a great story teller. I can't say I've ever been this interested in a guy's penis.","Uhh honestly my showerhead is also removable/handheld and I use that.\n\nMight seem disgusting to some but I just aim it a little from far and up the pressure a little.\n\nI do wipe well btw also, but that's just extra.","And if that doesn't help some people with the pain, at least it will \"Whiten your smile\"","I remember a line about this topic that still cracks me up, \"you always wipe twice, to know you only need to wipe once\".","Fiber sups","Bro, wipes. Wipes ","One time I was camping in colorado and ate too many edibles and had to poop in the forest while 12/10 high. Pooping was beautiful, but I remember also feeling emotions of betrayal and bliss and hysteria. It was a rollercoaster of a poop. ","We're keeping /r/nocontext busy today!","Does she still do it?","I've been eating a shitload of Nature Valley granola bars and it has had this effect on me","Nope, as the one I own has a drier built into it. ","At least they did it in the shower and not the bath.","Use Charmin wet wipes. fixes prob\n\n\nsource: have crohn's disease","You can get a clean asshole from ONE wipe..?! Are you a magician??","I have one and I live in California and they are fucking amazing.","I do the exact same thing! Lol this is a great post.","Yeah but it doesn't take as much toilet paper and you feel better afterwards (especially if you have stomach problems or anything)","At least it wasn't while taking baths together. Actually I'm not sure which of those is worse.","There should be less blood for more buttholes seen. The graph is wrong.","I thought it was a ghost wipe or is that something different lol.\n","A ghost poop is when it launches right into the pipes, leaving you wondering if you even took a shit in the first place.","Precisely. A truly scary moment","Get a bidet. You'll never go back","No, think about it this way, does one usually dry their ass crack after a shower?","This should be in r/toiletthoughts","r/toiletthoughts ","&gt;I always want a poo that requires one clean wipe, but when it comes back clean I always double check because I don't believe the first one.\n\n/r/showerthoughts\n\nhmm\n\nshower poops","I think it's a lesson for life. Even the cleanest poo requires two wipes ","What does it do that a regular shower can't? ","Nothing, but taking a shower every time you use the toilet isn't exactly practical. ","who takes a shower everytime they poop?","I think that's his point. ","but who? who when they poo who?","Shit happens.","I used to have a trashy roommate, who never bought toilet paper, so I kept mine in my room. I'm sure he stole it when I wasn't there, but when I was, I'd sometimes hear the shower running in the middle of the day. When I asked him about it he said he was showering because he took a shit and didn't have any tp. He'd also leave skidmarks on the back of the toilet seat, it confused me until I realized it was probably because he wasn't cleaning his fat ass, so a small amount of feces would crust at the top of his buttcrack, and when he sat down it would end up smearing on the toilet. ","*retch*","If it's a high quality one, it can have a built-in air dryer. Additionally, it can have a seat warmer, deodorizer and automatic lid opening and closing.","tight","... butthole.","A regular shower works too","&gt;inserts Penis\n\nHe named his penis Penis?","There's a link above to the results of our highly scientific study. We'd be interested in hearing your thoughts.","I didn't look at your information but right now I'm thinking about how it's weird antibiotics make you poop different if that helps\n\nedit: helpa ","My best shits. I miss those easy dumpa when I don't drink for a while.","This is literally a shitpost.","There was a post on here not too long ago about some chick who was secretly recording her husband in the shower for some reason and found him waffle stomping. She even posted the video. I lost my faith in humanity that day. ","So, anyone got any tips as to what works for them in terms of getting good movements?","Fucking loved that film. Fun fact: I chose to study AI at university because at the time my plan was to do what I could to advance the field and hopefully some day create an AGI smart enough to wipe out all life on our planet, and perhaps the universe.\n\nI'm no longer trying to do that but it was my intention at the time, and when I saw Justice League Owlman instantly became a kind of role model for me. The difference is that he wanted to destroy the multiverse out of a purely nihilistic sentiment whereas my motivation was (and still is) a more efilistic one (i.e. I consider(ed) the extinction of all life to be in life's best interests).","I'm not sure if I should upvote you for getting the reference or downvote you for trying to kill me.","Merry Christmas!","Oh jebus, my sides","ya gotta have faith, OP- one and done!","You know this is less about the poo and more about how easy the area is to clean. Nair for men. You go hairless in your Crack,  every poo is a one wiper. Promise. You have a hairy ass, it's like trying to clean a chocolate bar out of your head with a napkin. ","Im pretty sure my brother does it. I have no proof but i swear theres always shit in the drain. literally.","\"Hey buddy, it's Top Dog- You need to wipe down\"","Eat more fiber. ","literally a shitpost","It's not perfect.","Bidets suck. Just get a shower head with a hose and put it on the highest pressure setting. Just gotta be careful or you'll end up giving yourself a mini enema.","Do you care to elaborate on why you think bidets suck? My bidet changed my life. Once you bidet, there's no other way.","Truer words have never been spoken. Bidet4Life.","I appreciate your efforts into keeping crotch areas clean, really I do. ","Because they are scrap and most can't come adjusted. So they only get one area. With a removable shower head I can easily and quickly get every nook and cranny of my ass clean, even the inside. And I always have to go in the morning so having a shower after is no trouble.","I'm glad that works for ya, but bidets aren't scrap. Especially seeing how most people that get them like them a lot. ","A diaper sprayer (kind of a mini shower head that hooks into your toilet water supply, meant for hosing off cloth diapers) works great. It's a bidet you can aim. ","Skewers work too","&gt; Bidets suck\n\nNo, they blow.\n","Yeah but it's a guaranteed one wipe ","Ah, the problematic poop...","I've thought about it many a time. Unfortunately I do most of my pooping at work. Don't think im gonna be hooking one up there.","\"No you can't borrow my bidet again Doug.\"","&gt;Boss makes a dollar, I make a dime, that's why I shit on company time. ","I have one, for a week now, and using it at home even helps with pooping at work.","&gt;Unfortunately I do most of my pooping at work. \n\nLiving the dream.","You can try using a peri bottle/perineal irrigation bottle (plastic squeezy bottle) as cheap inconspicuous solution, or on the expensive end Toto portable travel washlet as fancy battery operated one. Look around for anything mid-range in price. For instance http://www.amazon.com/SmarterFresh-Portable-Sprayer-Travel-Bottle/dp/B015WWMJTU/ or http://www.amazon.com/Brondell-GS-70-GoSpa-Travel-Bidet/dp/B008CSDKSQ/ and so on. The online shops are your oyster once you know what to search for.","I've never looked at my own butthole, but I imagine it's a nightmare because I feel like I wipe for hours and hours. That can't be good for it.\nedit: lmao thanks for all the asshole wiping technique tips guys","No place for it :(","You know the ones on Amazon just attach to your toilet? Theyre not that big and a good one costs $30","You can get attachments for your toilet. $25 on Amazon.","This thread is amazing and I would like to applaud all your sterling efforts.\n\nI use baby wipes. If we run out it is a bad day then I feel like a peasant using regular TP.\n\n","Where do you put your dirty paper wipes? In Greece we had to put our used toilet paper in a bin in bathroom. Gross!","Down the toilet. It's ok for toilet paper in the UK but I know that water treatment plants have issues with wipes.","gotta eat that soluble/insoluble fiber for the poops","Male here as well, passed one at 15, I've never felt pain so bad and I've had a 9 inch nail stuck in my knee cap before","Wtf is this thread?! My god my balls are crying mercy","How the fuck did you get kidney stones at 15? ","Hyperoxalurea Type 1 person here. My first kidney stone happened when I was 3 years old. Kidney failure at 22 years caused by many kidney stones","how old are you?","32 which is good. I'm cured from the condition due to receiving a combined liver and kidney transplant","I'm glad to hear that!","Hereditary, my dad has had tons throughout his life, I'm only 16 now so I'm bound to have more","Murica!","Yep!","Yeh, well if we keep eating like we are I'm sure our bodies will catch up (evolution wise).    Our current diets are relatively new (hundreds maybe thousands of years old). :)","Literally just talked about this other day with some people","Get a bidet.  Not more than 30 bucks on Amazon.  Game changer.","and buy an Audi!","I think you mean a Prius.","Mine does it. Hemorrhoids will bleed when wiped enough. Perks of being middle aged.","Never did say whos butt whole blood.","Please, keep this kind of sh*t to yourself!","So you're saying it's like a marker?","My husband and I call those \"no wipes.\" Where you wipe....and there is nothing there...like you could have just pulled your pants up and gone on with you fucking day. We let each other know when we have a no wipe. Yayyyyy no wipe!","Yeah, because you sat there for an hour reading and everything dried up. Wait until you sweat a bit.","Some of them have driers too. ","What's the secret to not having to wipe? High fiber diet*","It's called Immaculate Defecation, it's a beautiful feeling, OP.","They actually have those on groupon. ","Am I the only one here who uses wetwipes after the dry wipe of toilet paper? \n\nDo this. Melt chocolate on your forearm. Then try wipe it off with toilet paper. The paper will appear clean after the chocolate has dried into your skin, but you are still left with a chocolate smelling brown streak. That's where the wetwipe comes in. You nasty people. ","That was cheap, but pretty ace nonetheless.","did you ever think of mental testing to see if your crazy","https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z51e45W0Tdk","Nuts and berries, so i'd imagine. ","Spaghetti squash.  When prepared right you can make it look like (and taste like with the right meat sauce) pasta spaghetti.   Also I would get burgers all the time in wrap style (five guys has really good ones and quality meat).   Grilled Salmon.    A great substitute for giving up french fries was Butternut Squash.   Diced up, sauteed and salted it tastes amazing similar to fries.","I have tried making squash spaghetti before and it turned out too crunchy, really messing up the illusion of spaghetti. Do you have any advice on making it better?","No I don't.... my GF at the time prepared it... probably had to do with baking time in the oven.  I don't think she did much prep work.... but good scooping is the key too.   You could probably find some youtube vids on it.","Dumb woman.*\n\nEDIT: I have a feeling this is a comment that can be taken easily out of context.","&gt;EDIT: I have a feeling this is a comment that can be taken easily out of context.\n\nOh yeah that can definitely be taken way out of context. People, before you downvote that into oblivion, take a moment to consider the multiple meanings of \"dumb\"","Wouldn't it be ironic if they don't notice it?","Bread and reconstituted fats give me breakouts","Yup! I used to drink a glass of chocolate milk a day and would have the worst acne. Switched to only water and the occasional red bull and little to no more acne. \n\nEdit: Though, I am 24 now so i'd like to think my hormones have settled down a bit as well.","Shits be mad mysterious b","Otherwise known as quality assurance!","The 'second opinion' wipe...","Please lie","I've had 3 in the past 5 years. Occasionally I'll notice the pain coming back but then I kick soda/salty-food and chug water constantly. The pain goes away eventually. \n\nThe first 2 I had were handled with a lithotripsy. The 3rd I actually passed.  ","I used water to wash my butt well.","Use a Bidet toilet attachment. You will never have that problem again ","[sometimes when I poo, I wipe and I'll wipe...](http://youtu.be/vGCIGEUB32M)","How in the world does this get so much karma?","[deleted]","Doodoo diligence.","Undervalued comment","This is why I never check on the first wipe because no matter how clean it is, I would feel gross just wiping once. ","Get a bidet attachment for your toilet and its always 1 wipe to dry. Your butt will thank you for it","I'm not the only one!","I'm glad I am not the only person who does this.  ","/r/selffuck","I REALLY wanted to NOT be a thing, but I guess I shouldn't expect so much from reddit.\n\nMy eyes ... ","Yep.. fuck that's a thing..","I dream of a world where everybody uses one of these japanese autowash toilets or a bidet... \n\nI dont understand why the western world is so far behind in toilet technologys..\n\n","I visited Turkey during a layover en route to Germany and I must say if I remodel my bathroom and it's not THAT much more expensive i'm getting a bidet.  Airplane food was pretty unforgiving on me and it made the wiping so much easier.  Squirt and 1 wipe.  But it wasn't a separate seat.  It had the flush lever and a button for the squirter part.","Usually yours?","Like cleaning peanut butter out of a shag carpet. ","I foresee a colonoscopy in your future.  ","r/nocontext","so it's like a marker?","I'm glad I was born in India. :)","Or just a spray bottle","redditors talking about wiping their ass on a sunday evening...wow","It's called a bidet...\n\nStupid, French anti-phonetic matching words...","Why don't you guys just use a bidet sort of thing?","Wtf lmao","How old are you if I may ask? I had a decent amount of acne throughout high school, not pizza face or anything, just a couple of bad zits. But I did drink a lot of milk growing up, rarely ever drank soda except when I ate fast food, which as a stoner in high school was a decent amount. Pro Activ really helped eliminate all my acne. If I had also realized how important staying hydrated was to skin condition, I probably would have had little to no acne.","20, I'm able to keep it under control with salicylic acid, a topical antibiotic, and moisturizing twice a day. But even with all of this a large amount of milk consumption will beat its way through.","Damn that sucks. Yeah salicylic acid is in ProActiv and that stuff was a Godsend during my worst acne years. Make sure you try to drink a ton of water cuz it'll help keep the acne from popping up again. But I feel you about milk, I've loved drinking it since I was a small kid.","[deleted]","Are you 5? It's not unusual to see or have to work on other people's privates etc when you work in medicine.","*Yuck.*","Eli5: Why is poop so gross","Ha! This just happened to me whilst on reddit!!","Can confirm. Had baby. Had kidney stone. Stone is way worse. ","You sir need a [BossBidet](http://www.amazon.com/Boss-Bidet-Attachment-Cleaning-Non-Electric/dp/B01DXE2BEC/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1461552175&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=boss+bidet) . You'll never have to double wipe again\n\n","Who likes this shit?","This is underappreciated.","Sometimes when I wipe there's more blood than shit. ","Relevant username?","If you don't get gold for this I'll be surprised","It's like wiping an uncapped magic marker ","It's called Nutella. FYI","Is anyone else a stander when it comes to wiping or is that just me?","Yep. Looks like we never made it past age 3 haha. ","This is gross. I used to be a stander until I had a lengthy conversation with friends. When you stand your shitty buttcheeks press together and mash that shit all over. \n\nYou gotta lift a cheek while still sitting and wipe that way. ","Which is why I wipe until the toilet paper stays white. ","[sometimes...](https://i.imgur.com/UESVKdf.gif)","Where I'm from we call the one-wiper a *jackpot*. It is my conviction that the jackpot is not undermined by the confirmation-wipe, although there is an opposing school of thought on that matter. \n\nBut really, what winner doesn't have to go through a process of verification? Welcome to the 21st century people. ","\"Trust, but verify.\"\n\n-Russian proverb","The real question is do you choose the lump sum or the annuity? One big clean poop at once or a bunch of smaller clean poops?","use fucking water.","https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z51e45W0Tdk","i dont want to poop at all","We call them \"ghost poos\"","Confirmation wipe....  Standard ","I love the inclusion of his nationality, as though all Icelanders are stricken with a vicious form of OCD which forces them to wipe their butts until it bleeds.","Hmm, now I've had a look it does seem like there's an association with milk. ","Never put it together but I was lactose intolerant when I was younger and then just never really liked milk.\nFor most of my life I have had a very low dairy intake just out of preference. \nI also went through my teenage year with practically zero pimples. ","After I went from vegetarian to vegan, my acne disappeared within 2 weeks. Anecdotal, but I've heard so many similar things. ","Anyone else ever wipe too much?  Like where you have blood that shows up, not dripping blood but a small streak of blood.  ","If something sounds too good to be true it usually is","Never had a kidney stone but have given birth. I imagine though that atleast with giving birth, you've had 36ish weeks to mentally prepare, you're excited, you get drugs if requested, and it's a generally good situation. After I gave birth the popped blood vessels all over my face and neck from labour hurt way worse than the little human exiting me did. I expected the pain from her, I didn't expect all the extra pain of my body feeling like it was hit and backed over and run over again by a semi. Unexpected pain isn't very fun. ","Yeah, and childbirth is a decision so the pain is part of that. ","My point exactly. It just comes with the territory. It's easy to forget too since it brings you such a great joy. I think my husband remembers how much pain I was in more than I do. ","(http://youtu.be/vGCIGEUB32M)[relevant]","Probably smells like ass","lick toilet paper","Pearled barley. Do it.","When it just plops out, you're clean. If it's like squeezing wet cement out of a fire hose then you've got a mess in the valley.","Ok, so I'm not the only one who seems to spend an ridiculous/irresponsible amount of wiping my ass, always until it's raw/bleeding. Wiping is like 80% of my time spent shitting. I hate it.","Great! Now you can park in that parking spot.","I dont understand why you dont use water instead","This sub is deteriorating rapidly.","I imply we do not haaave to . . .","That wouldn't work because you're about 2 or so feet away from a dookie if you don't flush per plop","Don't look at your own asshole directly or you'll turn to stone ","Always try to get some fiber in your diet. That will make the cleanup a lot better. It will help you avoid trying to get peanut butter out of a shag carpet.","Greetings from [Boracay](http://imgur.com/HvpmVdu)","Pressure washer for the really bad shits.","\n&gt;I used to do this all the time but I would end up licking my own butthole for long periods of time. Then I would stick my head into my butthole until my head was sticking out of my mouth and I would repeat this process and be in **RECURSION**\n\nfixed it","As a person with IBS I have the same problem. I'm so used to having those muddy, swampy shits, that when I have a ghost poopie, I wipe again just in case my ass is fucking with me.","Fuck, we don't want to read posts about your dirty asshole.","[r/nocontext](www.reddit.com/r/nocontext/) ","ಠ_ಠ","ಠ‿ಠ","I now have a new face to copy. Thanks kind sir","What am I doing again?","You tell us","Apparently you're packing his poo for efficient deployment, lol","When I poop, I wipe, and I wipe, and I wipe, and there's still poop. Like wiping a marker.","The above was a paid message from D.A.R.E. Remember kids, don't do LSD and stare at your butthole!","\"It's like wiping a marker\" -Andy Dwyer, Parks and Rec","I'm eating a chocolate bar right now.  I'm grossed out","Yep, the general consensus is that kidney stones are much more painful than childbirth. Although, you do have to consider the fact that most women get a shit load of pain relievers during childbirth. The most I've gotten during a kidney stone is some pills of hydrocodon. ","It is also worth mentioning that after I pass a kidney stone, all I have is relief. When my wife gives birth, we have a new human.","The Human Ouroboros","Ah yes, the Immaculate One-Wiper. A thing of myths and legends, I hear.","Doesn't happen often, but when it does, I'm just as shocked as the last time it happened. ","That's why you enjoy your pooing time as a kid. Just shit, wipe once, don't check. You may be leaving crusty feces in your butt hole, but at least you don't know it.","Sounds like your names either tieg or Brian..... Don't ask for context I don't need you know who I am/ was lmao. ","I still have no clue if I am wiping correctly.  I'm 34 years old...   I feel like there should be some sort of standardized procedure or at least have instructions printed on the TP package.  ","HOLY SHIT\n[\"You will find that after eating chia seeds, your excrement is “perfect”, just the way shit should be.\"](http://www.supernutritionlife.com/chia-seeds-benefits-fiber/)","It's legit man. I'm no new-age health nut but that stuff will give you perfect poop for real.","Does this actually work? And how?","They're chocked full of soluble fiber. You can see it by getting one wet, they start to produce a gel and stick to anything, that's the fiber absorbing moisture. Make a smoothie or something with two spoonfuls a day and your poops will not only slide right out(when you want them to obviously) but you'll be able to set your watch by the time it comes every day.","Sounds like a shit watch.","I don't like smoothies. Would just taking two spoonfuls of those seeds be viable? Or is the taste of them pure not great?\n\nEdit: seems like eating them dry is not healthy according to the first few results on google. ","Wouldn't that kill my stomach till I got used to it though?","Only way you'd have a problem is if you didn't soak them first I would think. It's exceptionally mild and nonreactive as long as you put them in water first. ","How long should I soak them for? And what's the average price for them so I don't get ripped off online?","Like 2-3 minutes at most, I dunno about pricing but they're super cheap, like 2-3lbs for $10 is a decent price, they go a LONG way. \n\nJust make sure you don't get em wet before you want to because they will clump up and stick to anything.","Is there a reason this isn't more widespread? Like are there any side effects?","I dunno, it's apparently super popular in health circles. I don't think there are any real allergy concerns, it's gluten free obviously... I know lots of power bars and smoothie places use it because it is chocked full of good stuff, protein, calcium, fiber etc. Probably just not mainstream because eating/drinking a cup full of seeds suspended in gel is not mainstream.\n\nI guess you COULD overdo it but you'd have to really try. Side-effects include not eating as much, being hydrated, and perfect poops... not too bad.","I thought it was just two spoonfuls into a drink? How is that a ton of seeds suspended in gel?","I didn't call it a ton of seeds, but once they've absorbed water it will seem like a lot I'm sure. I just mix it with water and chew em a bit but you can easily drink it. It'd probably work great to mix with milk and a drop or two of vanilla extract or some chocolate powder or something so you're not just getting this almost flavorless gel instead. \n\nThis is what it looks like after you've soaked them for like two minutes:\n\n\nhttp://www.enhancedliving.ca/images/chiaGel800w.png","I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:\n\n- [/r/evenwithcontext] [I used to do this all the time but I would end up licking my own butthole for long periods of time. Then I would stick my head into my butthole until my head was sticking out of my mouth and I would repeat this process and be in inception.](https://np.reddit.com/r/evenwithcontext/comments/4gbb3o/i_used_to_do_this_all_the_time_but_i_would_end_up/)\n\n- [/r/nocontext] [I used to do this all the time but I would end up licking my own butthole for long periods of time. Then I would stick my head into my butthole until my head was sticking out of my mouth and I would repeat this process and be in inception.](https://np.reddit.com/r/nocontext/comments/4gb0m7/i_used_to_do_this_all_the_time_but_i_would_end_up/)\n\n- [/r/wtfdidijustread] [I would end up licking my own butthole for long periods of time](https://np.reddit.com/r/wtfdidijustread/comments/4gcoa0/i_would_end_up_licking_my_own_butthole_for_long/)\n\n[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*\n\n[](#bot)","too good to be true","Wasn't there an episode of CatDog where they did this?","That's why I just don't wipe.","/r/evenwithcontext","Fukken saved","How many do I have to eat? TELL ME! I NEED THIS!","Most people say 2.5 tablespoons a day. Mix it with like 8oz of water, definitely do not just pour the seeds in your mouth or you'll have a bad time.","...damnit. Sounds not tasty to drink it mixed with water (or in a smoothie). \n\nWonder if it still works if I bake some chicken with it or something.","They really don't have much of a flavor at all, if anything I'd say its kinda like watermelon without sugar if you can imagine that. The reason you do it with water is the seeds are extremely hydroscopic so it could stick in your throat or absorb water out of your stomach/intestines and dehydrate you.","Maybe 16?","Can't you guys just use water like normal people","Kidney stones are taught in medical school as THE greatest pain that occurs within a human being. \n\nImagine a spiky thing traveling out your urethra.","For me, it's genetic. \n\nAbout every 10 years I can expect a trip to the ER for some IV opiods and surgery over a roughly 2 month span (attacks then surgery recovery). \n\nIt's odd. \n\n\n","I once walked into a stall and there was a fresh poo in the toilet but ZERO toilet paper - that guy obviously had remarkable instinct knowing it was a poo that required no wiping at all","Wash that ass you savages","Use those adult baby wipe things.  "],["Just throw me in the trash. ","Like a dead hoo-er","Hoo-er, such an underused word.  Will try and work it into conversation in the office each day this week.","Thought you were censoring \"hooker\" and then remembered who you were talking about","I hardly know her!","Remains to be seen if glass coffins catch on.","Trash can is to coffin as storage bin is to retirement home","And landfill is to graveyard as well?","I once saw a concept for a tree coffin. \n\nYour body would be in a bio-degradable sphere with a tree's roots.  Your body will be feeding the tree and the ground around it.","They already have \"Eco-Burials\" where your \"coffin\" is a bio-degradable box, and a tree is planted on top of your \"grave.\"","Imagine waking up in one of those things","Imagine waking as part of a tree.\nHow did you get in there, you cant talk all you can do is cry.","Well I know what my nightmare tonight will be about.","And, for thou wast a spirit too delicate\n\nTo act her earthy and abhorr'd commands,\n\nRefusing her grand hests, she did confine thee,\n\nBy help of her more potent ministers\n\nAnd in her most unmitigable rage,\n\nInto a cloven pine;","Being a tree in a busy park would be great I think","little assholes carving their initials into you\n","Unless you're a [Pequeninos](http://enderverse.wikia.com/wiki/Pequeninos#Third_Life), ","Jesus","I someday hope to find some gnarled ultra-burly walnut tree, as in with lots of burls, and harvest its seed and have it planted in my eventually still chest, when the time comes. Then it'll grow and then eventually die and people will harvest those burls and cut them into thousands of fancy car dashboards","Seems like it'd be way more efficient to mulch people","Yeah but then people complain about \"ethics\" and it gets all annoying.","I mean, I don't see how it's unethical if that's what I choose to have happen with my body.","Yeah I know, but people are weird.","And then came the SmartTombstones","Urns must be ashtrays then","Joke I came across a while ago:\n\nwhy does your coffin only have 2 handles when others have 4? Because that's the same number of handles a trash bin has.","I read this as \"coffins are just trashcans for fancy people\"","GODDAMMIT!! Is there a Ralph's around here?\n","Fancy, COMFY, trash cans.","&gt;Fancy, STUFFY, trash cans.\n\nFTFY","so does that make cemeteries landfills? ","And cremation plants (or whatever they're called) incinerators.","Crematorium ","That's the one.","This fits better in pessimistic stoner convos","Then I guess cemeteries must be landfills.","I liken them more to tissues actually... since a coffin can only really be used once and then you have to put it into the ground (landfill)","One expensive trash can.","Then I guess it's good that Oscar lives in a regular trashcan ","The coffin is the trash bag, the earth is the can. ","Coffins are Prince-sized beds. ","You just have raised a new business idea. Minimalist affordable coffins","Im using this for a song title lol"]],"Fallout":[["Holy cow. How long did this take you?","About three weeks of playing after work, about a year of game time. But to Mayor Ghastly, time has no meaning.","Mad respect. It was entertaining to read. Sorry about your deathclaw, btw.","His loss will be felt by the people of this city who dared to oppose the Mayor!\nThanks. :P","I'll be your Deathclaw for a Yao Guai serving a day.","YOU WILL BE AN EXTENSION OF MY FURIOUS VENGEANCE!!!","A talking deathclaw? Gimmie a break","Radiation is weird, man.","Found the OG Fallout players.","Booze, Wooze. ","What's next? Some kind of weird ghoul with a tree growing out of it's head?","Blue supermutants with cloaking devices?","A man machine hybrid?","Hey man, just an FYI, keep an eye on Codsworth. I feel as though he was the catalyst who gossiped and started talks about a revolt. If you won't go into Concord, I feel that he will work his absolute hardest to attempt to find someone that will.","\"WHO THE FUCK IS SHAUN?\"","Nora had been sleeping around. Ghouls are sterile, that brat wasn't mine!","My Shaun baby is always black, whereas neither my spouse or I are. ","this makes me wonder, does shauns race change based on what you decide to make the parents?","I would assume it is suppose to. \n\nDoesn't your father's ethnicity change based on yours in Fallout 3?","Yes.","I'm not sure. I really only think that I've ever made white male/female in my many playthroughs of Fo3, that I can remember at least.","My Shaun was almost a carbon copy of my character, down to the same birthmark and scars. He just had a lighter skin tone than me, since Nora was white and my character was meant to look Native American. ","Incredible. Please update us as to when you purge the settlers again for killing that beautiful deathclaw. What a waste.","An beautiful Albino Deathclaw, murdered. There will be blood paid, I assure you.","An beautiful indeed","What an tragedy","I should have proof read everything. :(","If it was real life, this is what I'd do, just without all the murderous tendencies. Fuck going into the wasteland and risking deading.","You can't resist the murder. When you have the stresses that Mayor Ghastly has, you will understand. Cut off the hand to save the arm!","Repeatedly!","Wow!! just brilliant ","Thank you, it was a serious challenge I recommend.","I honestly want to try this now, just with the limit of going to red rocket for dogmeat.","I really recommend it, it's a great challenge and really tough.","Yea I think i am going to do it, but with being a nicer leader to see how it works out on that side. I'll post results when done. I have a lot of time of this week so I should be good with it.","Please do, I'd love to give it a read. :)\n\nThen our settlements will go to WAR!!!","[Here's an album of me taking on the same challenge on the PC Survival beta.](http://imgur.com/a/3JFkc)","Was expecting a dark souls \"you died\" screen. Great job on that. ","I don't plan on losing! \n\nI have started it though my rules are a bit different than yours obviously. I can only go between vault 111 sanctuary and red rocket with flows into my story for the album I am making. and  I am going to be a Utopian leader.","Barbara is the true hero of this story","She is the my trusted right hand. The first to charge into battle and the last to leave the warzone.","I wonder how she will handle the upcoming purge. Its gon be some season 3 walking dead type shit","You don't have to drop everything on the ground and manually scrap it. When you go to your workbench, hit transfer and put all your junk in the workbench (there's even a handy \"store all junk\" button.) It'll scrap all your stuff whenever you need it, safe and simple.","I was worried that it might only take the resources you need and destroy the rest when you do it that way, and resources were super tight. I remember hearing that was a small issue with scrapping forever ago. Drop and scrap also helps reduce town build size.","Yeah, I remember hearing that too, but I think it was quickly debunked as a hoax or hotfixed. Either way, nowadays it works fine, though I forgot about the town size reduction from dropping and scrapping. I've never really built a town big enough for that to be a problem.","Oh, rad. All that dropping and scrapping, for naught! :P","Sometimes it takes a bit until the other resources are put in the workbench (1h wait is enough) if stuff is automatically scrapped in the workbench. Thats where this rumor has come from. Still it works fine and you don't loose any resources.","Oh, that's good. I do remember a couple of times I noticed it used things and was like 'NOOO, my resources.' \n\nGood to know I lost nothing.","Not realy. when you drop stuff and scrap it, it lowers your fill meter for that settlement. For example, if you build to much and it won't let you build more, just drop some guns and armor(they work the best) and scrap them. It'll lower your fill meter so you can build more.","I confirmed it with myself back when the game came out. I don't remember if somehow I misjudged or if they just fixed it later but I still scrap all of my items manually. The main reason I still do it though is because I can easily see exactly how much of a particular resource I have in the workbench rather than a list of all possible junk items.","You didn't exactly misjudge. iirc the extra resources just didn't appear until you added or removed that resource, and then it would update with the proper total.","There was a bug that made it seem this way. iirc it would do exactly as you described but the excess resources weren't actually gone. They just wouldn't appear in the workbench until you added or removed some. It was basically like a delayed update of resource totals.","Oh Bethesda, the weird glitches are an integral part of enjoying their games' experience. :)","Loved the story. Your dedication, both, amazes and terrifies me.","Ha, thank you. It was a rough challenge, so hard at times to keep to the rules I set, but it made all the more rewarding. And the Mayor is nothing if not a focused man!","You're a great person.","Thank you, it's a fun challenge.","You have inspired me to make my own insane sole survior... I just hope she is at least 1/4th of a badass like your guy.","Your Sole Survivor is not insane. It is the Commonwealth, they are sick. They must learn your name!!!","THEY WILL FEAR THE NAME: 2FINGERSINTHEASS","Soon people will crowd around a burning trash can, and as they eat their radroach meat, they will tell whispered stories about 2Fingersintheass.","YES ~~DADDY~~","**UNCLE TOUCHMEFUNNY**","This is probably one of the best things I've read in a long time.\nKudos to you my friend.","Ha, thank you, I tried hard to make the narrative interesting. :)","I feel like I read an article about this somewhere. ","Ha, really? About how to survive in just Sanctuary?","Yeah! I don't think you copied anyone or anything, no accusations. Honestly I thought maybe you wrote it. Sounds like a fun change if you get bored. ","I really want to read it now. :D","I think this was it.   \n  \nhttp://www.pcgamer.com/playing-fallout-4-without-ever-leaving-sanctuary/","One of the big differences between the article and OP is that OP actually was able to get the shops set up. The whole \"killing settlers for new ones\" along with having a brahmin for fertilizer seemed to do the trick to get enough money for it.","[I think this is the one they're talking about](http://www.pcgamer.com/playing-fallout-4-without-ever-leaving-sanctuary/)","Did you also have the issue of the item spawning in the cellar? Or did you use console commands?\n\nhttp://www.pcgamer.com/playing-fallout-4-without-ever-leaving-sanctuary/","I'm on PS4 so no console. I lucked out with having a crystal source in one of the wardrobes.","That's awesome","Wow. Even with fallout 4's lack of rpg mechanics, you still managed to beat the \"kill everything\" style of the game and did your own thing. This is great, and good work! ","Ha, thank you. It was a fun and tough challenge. A fun way to make your own story, like a good rpg sandbox should.","Beat the \"kill everything\"? I don't know about you but I saw the killing fields.  ","Maybe the problem is the way you play the game and not the actual game. ","But I can't do what I want because the dialogue choices aren't there to let me play that way","Headcanons should be your best friend ","I personally prefer laser vision.","i'm sure everyone would find sitting in sanctuary for 3 weeks pretending to be a dictator real fun","I really want to do this but make it a military utopia. Completely defended by lasers and missiles, all citizens armed to the teeth and outfitted the best armor. No evil shall ever befall MY SANCTUARY and NO ONE shall lose what is most important to them AGAIN!\n\nPAX IN VIRUTE","Dude, go for it. This has been a really fun challenge to do. I want to continue the adventures but not sure how to go. Would love to read your take on it.","Take over the rest of the Commonwealth, all united under Ghastly. Hancock might prove to be a useful tool ;)","I was thinking about making this concept into some sort of video series on youtube. Would obviously be a very jump-cutty overview of the progression or else it'd be dull.\n\nAnyways if i do make it i'll be sure to throw in a link to your story for being the inspiration :)","On it, hopefully I stick with it to finish it. The whole not leaving sanctuary definitely seems like the hardest part and some what off putting.","I vote get dogmeat, that gas station is basically part of sanctuary with how close it is","You can make them Boomers 2.0","Oh boomers 2.0 sounds amazing.","Deus Vult?","&gt; Deus Vult\n\nGod wills it of God Willing maybe? Google-fu is limited when it comes to latin.\n\nPax in Virtue is peace through power which is more a command and conquer nod reference.","Ahh, I wasn't aware of the latin version! I'm familiar with old Chromedome himself saying it in English though.\n\nDeus Vult is indeed \"God Wills It\" and was supposedly the battlecry of Crusading Knights. The Crusader Kings crowd have picked it up recently.","\"I rewarded her ferocity by upgrading her pool cue.\"","Mayor Ghastly can be a beacon of light and love, as well as death to his enemies.","Codsworth floats motionless among the addicted and the doomed. His internal processors so overwhelmed by what his master has done, that he has shut down all higher functions. He was your one friend in this world, and you broke him. You monster.","This is way cool, man! Great work! ","Thankyou, I strongly recommend it for a rough challenge","Gotta love how you came across the shelter for the first time.","I was so shocked, I had legit never seen it before. So happy though. x2 gold bars!\n\nThe gods favour Mayor Ghastly!","Actually, I think there should be 3 gold bars down there. Might be worth looking around a bit more.","Oh cool, I'll have to check it out.","Where is this.... Shamefully I don't think I've found it ! ","Behind the house with a fallen tree through the roof. Near the roundabout area.","Awesome thanks sloth ruler","You are welcome, Sloth designation 247.","might be a way to walk up that tree to the roof...","There is, there's also a hidden goodie on that roof.","Noooo! It ended too abruptly!! Did you ever get revenge?! ","Haha, I'm hoping to make a chapter 2. Revenge is coming.","You are like the kim Jong ill of the commonwealth","Kneel before the Glorious Leader!","Damn Clock-Fixers! Hahaha","My Clothes trader refuses to tell me what a Minuteman is... It's a conspiracy to overthrow me...","They're obviously time travellers from the American Revolution, sent forward to try to end your glorious reign.","Let them come. With Barbara and a Deathclaw at my side, nothing can stop me.","When the purge in New Sanctuary happens, Barbara will kill you. ","She may help me. Barbara's faith and dedication is beyond question.","Read this in Frieza's voice. BEST. STORY. EVER!","There will be none of those pathetic monkeys in MY city!","ALL HAIL LORD GHASTLY!","Such a worthy Subordinate. How would you like to be the Supreme Commander of the entire Ghastly Force?","ˆUˆ It would by honor Lord/Mayor Ghastly! ","Your first order, kill ALL who oppose me!","Consider it done Lord Ghastly ","That screen shot with dog meat was a little sad.","Any play through without dog meat is doomed do be sad","You are amazing.","Ha, thank you, it was a super fun challenge.","Wow...that was amazing. Very creative.","Thank you. I tried to make it entertaining to read. :)","Your playthrough is better than the one that PC gamer did.\n\nHe gave up as soon as he ran out of wood.","Thank you, I got links to it when I posted and am surprised how similar we both started out. I was shocked that we both had the same 'get dogmeat' pan too. :)","How dare you! Fallout 4 doesn't allow 'play as you like' RPG play-through's, you're making the whiners look bad. Great job, is there an eventual outcome?","The mayor is becoming suspicious of a mutiny, the happiness of the peasants is falling!","So what's the mayors back up plan if the peasants revolt? Does he go into hiding and make jet or make a cartel?","There's a reason all those peasants only have melee weapons. Let's just say some of the caps the Mayor has made with the Jet trade has been going towards some... Lethal reinforcement. ","A dictator needs protection from his people sometimes... So if they all try to revolt anyway and fail do you start all over again in another settlement or just wait for new slaves to start showing up and repeat the cycle?","I feel the mayor would flee if his people could overpower him. But if he was to flee, he would run far, far away from Sanctuary. Maybe down near Jamaica Plains before he felt safe. Then, he would prepare a glorious revenge!","Build his own army maybe or take them on by himself?","An army could sweep and crush all the opposer's defences, but the Mayor may have to take them out himself, to send a message to anyone else who considers questioning him.","You know a robot army doesn't backtalk or judge your actions...","This would make an interesting game mechanic, if the happiness degrades considerably there would be a chance to generate a revolt, and overthrow you from the settlement, and you would need to take it back. A mod in the future probably?","I can see tons of mods like that in the future of fallout 4. Maybe even a world government mod where you create your own faction and you can kill all the other factions and win the game for your own faction maybe (Just an Idea)","Someone did a video on this like 3 weeks after the game came out. Not sure what you are referring to or if you are just new to the game.\n\nThe only thing is that this entire setup working hinges on a random spawn in the cellar of one of the houses. There, you find a component (1/10th of the time) that you need to build the transmitter (which you need to get settlers.) Can't remember if it's copper or what, but that's the only place.\n\nThe last guy that did it said he spent 40 minutes loading saves over and over again hoping it would spawn and finally it did."," I initially thought to let him go, but he then told me I had a dangerous look about me, and my rage took over.\n\nOmg that was so funny!!!","Ha, thank you. None threatens Mayor Ghastly and lives to tell of it.","Yeah np, it was so random but it made so much sense!!","Is this the Donald Trump mod?","We're going to build a wall and make Bunker Hill pay for it!!!\n\nPS4, no mods. Only DLC.","You did this on PS4? I Think you just inspired me to play again and get the DLC. Great job by the way. That was a really entertaining read. ","Really cool concept, I'd love to follow your footsteps! Any reason you identified that traders never showed up? Do you need to trigger Preston and his merry crew in order for the game to recognize sanctuary or something?","I think you have to meet them, or go to where they are? (Diamond City etc.) I'm not sure, but they haven't ever shown up. The Mayor no longer welcomes them anyway.","I gave this a try today, but I couldn't find crystal, so I went to Carla (between Concord and the Drumlin Diner) to buy some (no other interactions on  the way). Ten minutes later, she and her Brahmin walk into my settlement. So I guess you have to talk to her. ","How'd you get 24 settlers? Do the raiders and gunners count towards population?","I started the game with max Charisma and hgh int. And am wearing charisma boost clothing. Settler number is based on Charisma, because it's all about charisma now. ","A cult of personality, if you will...","I think this might be the push I need to start my Rancher playthrough.\n\nThough I'll have him venture to Concord and fight the Deathclaw before He decides the wasteland is too dangerous and heads back to Sanctuary.\n\nThe Barn and Boxcar additions supposedly coming in Far Harbor should help alot.","The absence of Power Armour is a sore note for the Mayor. He  wishes for an ultimate suit to crush insubordinate peasants. It's a really fun, really tough challenge though. I highly recommend trying it out.","I've wanted to do this playthrough for awhile now. Although I need the power armor as a Tractor Stand in.  \n\nI watched The Ranch on Netflix and have the urge to playout my child Cowboy fantasy.\n\nAlthought I can't think of what would be my endgame goal.","A+ for execution\nC- for grammar and spelling","I spull Goodly!","Good work, was a fun read!","Thank you, I tried to make the narrative interesting. :)","Awesome, thanks for sharing! ","Your welcome, glad you enjoyed it. :)","This was an amazing read hahahaha I think once you achieve all you can, it might be worth it to do the automaton DLC.\n\nImagine the Mayor's own posse of Mr Handy workers, and Securitron Guards.\n\nMaybe an Assaultron secret police.","That was something I really wanted to do, I was a bit disappointed when I realised that I needed to start the Automatron stuff first. The Mayor needs an army. Barbara can only kill so many people.","Please do keep us updated on this. I'd really love to hear more about how this progresses from here.","I'm hoping to make an good chapter 2. :)","Without a working economy, how were your settlers getting money to buy your jet?\n\nAnyways, nice going. I laughed my ass of at. Some parts. ","Mayor Ghastly suspects there may be some people leaving and doing trade while he is not paying attention. He suspects the Scavengers, they go walking around all day and produce so little scrap.\n\nThey must learn their place!","11/10, would read through again.","This is fucking beautiful man...","You made my day with this ","The Fletcher Memorial Home is taking in residents, just so you know.","If you create several industrial water purifiers (and produce way more water than you need) you get tons of leftover purified water in your work bench at the end of the day that sell for around 11 caps each. I had a little operation going where I could make 2,000+ caps a day just by selling the people of my town their own water.","I love the depth you gave to your character and the story! Well done, sir!","Making Sanctuary Great Again.","The early parts of this look suspiciously like [PCGamer's playthrough](http://www.pcgamer.com/playing-fallout-4-without-ever-leaving-sanctuary/).","Somebody give the OP gold for this. This was absolutely amazing!","Nice. And to think some people claim this game isn't an RPG.","This game gets a lot of hate, but I remember Fallout 3 getting the same hate. I think Fallout 4 has it's issues but is still an astounding game with so much depth.","Man, this was hilarious. I will try this on my next play through. Great job!","I really recommend it. Be ready to scrap everything you see and be willing to fight the temptation to break the rules. When I was low on everything, crossing over to that broken down army truck and going up to the nearby Raider house is a big temptation. But it's so much more fun trying to think your way around limited resources.","Resisting temptations is the hardest thing about self-imposed challenges. I have some idea and I start working on it... then I see something shiny and I am off the track. ","A fun play-through is to limit yourself to the range of your recruitment beacon. That way, you can get Dogmeat, and you can kill two or three raider spawns that are nearby.","Is this on PC, Xbox or PS4?","PS4","Are you the same person who did those albums on \"the pit\"?\nYou entertain me but you also scare me.","No, not sure what that is, this is my first Fallout submission. Link me?","found it through generladerp: http://imgur.com/gallery/K9ha5/new very similar narration and descend into madness right down to the occasional typos and grammatical errors :D\n\nYours has the added gameplay challenge thrown into it though so you get extra points. But my favourite parts are the fits of murderous rage","No, 'The Pit' was done by /u/MatthewQuinn000 , this was done by /u/Sloth-King . Both were equally good though :)","ah thanks :)","No problem, man. :)","This is a thing of beauty. Well done. ","If you're interested, you might be able to get Codsworth to activate if you agree to go to Concord, go to the edge of where you feel like you can go (half way over the bridge?), and then come back and tell him you didn't find anything.\n\nI'm pretty sure I managed to get that to happen without leaving Sanctuary, but that wasn't a hard rule for me so I may have gone further than you are okay with.","You either have too much time on your hands or not enough. Bravo","10/10 would read again.","fair play man","haha nice.","This is the greatest story ever. Very creative! :)","* \"Once I have bought the junk I need, I drop it on the ground and scrap it, bringing all the resources to the workbench. \"\n\nHoly shit, dude. Just drop it into your workbench and crafting will automatically scrap any items for the required materials. You don't need to drop it just to scrap it.\n\n* \"No one\" is two words, or a separated compounded word. It's not \"noone\". God damn ghoul education.","Ha, yeah, I just remembered hearing that if it used in the workbench only the resources for the build would be taken. Also it helped keep the size down, although I never built anywhere near enough.","I've been playing a similar style game in the new survival beta, trying to build my empire on Jet. I'm working on a pretty good fortress at the drive-in.  I love this game. ","He tells me to go to Concord, so that he can reshape New Sanctuary in his image. But I will not be fooled!","I don't think KitKats, or any other chocolate, survived the nuclear war.","Looking forward to it! Good luck my fellow wastelander","\"hold every key at the same time to open workshop menu\"","What?","#\"HOLD EVERY KEY AT THE SAME TIME TO OPEN WORKSHOP MENU\"\n***\n\n##[^^^I ^^^am ^^^a ^^^bot, ^^^and ^^^I ^^^don't ^^^respond ^^^to ^^^myself.](https://np.reddit.com/r/CantHearYouBot/)","yeah","image #2, upper left corner","The touchpad on the PS4 control. Looks like a sketch of a keyboard though. :P","You're not right in the head :D","Props to this story, such a brilliant idea for a way to play a game. Shows the strength of settlement building for sure!","I was genuinely surprised how often I had to change my plans, but also how accommodating the settlement buildibg features are.","Survival mode has made me love settlements more than before. It really shines when you have to use it as a crutch to survive.","I'm really looking forward to it coming to PS4.","Actually the original deathclaws could talk and were extremely intelligent. ","Interestingly enough, they did this without vocal cords.","Great read. What stats did you roll?","Can't fully remember what I started with. But I did end up spending perk points on my Special, but by the end, S4 P1 E1 C10 I10 A4 L5.","This makes me wish we had the option to play as a ghoul in this game, just as we had the option to pick different races in the Elder Scrolls. Make your pre-war character and you can pick a ghoul 'skin' that overlays the ghoul features (If you wanted to), as you recieved a large dose of radiation in the blast. \n\nHave to admit, though. I'm getting some New Reno vibes from this (FO2 town). The drug trade and such really brings it together.\n\nNice work!","Ghoul option would be great, even if it's just the perk. I originally thought that's what the perk was, so got it, immediate disappoint.\n\nHa, New Reno? Never played FO2, is it good?","NR is like New Vegas lite. Only controlled by gangs rather than not-gangs. \n\nIT's absolutely nothing like FO3+ in terms of gameplay. It's an isometric, turn based RPG with a focus on the role-play aspect of it. It's generally considered one of the best in the series, though the gamepaly of Fallouts 1, 2 and Tactics generally isn't to my style so I wasn't overly keen on it. The writing is fucking fantastic though, think New Vegas but much more comedic. It's pretty light hearted compared to the others. Oh, and it's got a lot of focus on tribal aspects like Honest Hearts dlc, so that's another thing.","Not to mention you can play an \"Idiot\" in the first fallout games with intel too low to properly talk. It changes the whole story.","I love the fact that you can lock yourself out of certain quests simply because the NPCs think you're too stupid to even comprehend what they're saying. Fucking brilliant.","Yep! And the responses of the NPCs are hilarious.","Ah yeah, the old isometric game is much harder to get into, but I do remember the dialogue and conversations being THE best.","It's a lot easier to do it now, with WW you can pull yourself up by your bootstraps a lot more easily by using the traps.","What would two Yao Gui servings buy me? (Fingers crossed for a lap dance)","1 serving a day: Daily protection\n\n2 servings a day: Cuddles and nose bumps\n\n3 servings a day: Available for Companion\n\n4 servings a day: Lap dance and a hard fucking on command","\"No Strip Blast Radius tonight, boys!  We got ourselves some REAL entertainment tonight\"","So I gotta ask, what level did you make it to? ","24 by the final screencap. Idiot Savant is a big help.","That's pretty neat,  though. A totally different take on the game where you make up the rules and it completely changes the balance of, well, everything. Nice job. ","Thank you, it was a super fun challenge. I really recommend trying it.","That was fucking glorious","Thank you, it was a great challenge to go through. :)","That was great","Thank you, I'm really glad so many people enjoyed reading it. :)","I truly hope this becomes the \"unfortunately I'm the high mayor of ghastly town\" type thing ","Would you take Barbra with you? I'm seeing a possible use for that wedding ring you got back from your bitch wife before she just gave up on you.","I would love to, naming and making Companions with settlers like you can with robots would be awesome.","Careful. Talk like that is what gets synth hit squads sent after you. Or didn't you hear what happened to the General Assembly of Settlements?","Yeah, I will try this now, just with the Wasteland Workshop it allows so much fun and combine with the proper total.","A great first half, but Sanctuary Grills without flame traps for the civilians  is medium rare!  -grin-","Amazing, clearly a modern artpiece","That robot has pushed the Mayor with his refusal to contribute. Those that don't contribute are punished!","Hey man, just an FYI, keep an eye on Codsworth. I feel as though he was the catalyst who gossiped and started talks about a revolt. If you won't go into Concord, I feel that he will work his absolute hardest to attempt to find someone that will.","I don't understand, did it take you 3 weeks or 1 year?","In the real world, three weeks, in the game, a year passed. In Mayor Ghastly's mind, it took blood.","My world is blood and Jet ","sign me up, hold the blood.\n\nactually, throw in some mentats too","Those are my people, they are my property!","You don't by any chance play Dwarf Fortress, do you? I'd swear this read just like some hell bent DF story. Gloriously bloody. Armok would be pleased by this.","Unfortunately not, never heard of Dwarf Fortress.","... I think you'd find yourself right at home. Give it a look. :)","I'll definitely give it a go. Thanks. :)","The whole time I just kept waiting for \"unfortunately, I am the High King of Sanctuary.\"","Ha ha, I clearly dropped the ball on that one. :P","That was far too entertaining. Now I'm running late. ","You should rename your arena \"Rehabilitation center\" so that your settlers have a \"change of mind\". Also I think more \"pacification\" is need to get your settlers to stand down and to reinforce your power.","Is Mayor Ghastly's full name \"Kevin 'Bacon' Ghastly\"?","There may be some familial relationship, but the Mayor is a private man, and guards his secrets well.","When we say fallout 4 doesn't have enough rpg freedom, we mean things like how the dialogue is totally dumbed down and has no meaningful choices. ","It was light hearted satire, relax.","I was just making a point.","This is some walking dead shit!","Here is a word cloud of every comment in this thread, as of this time: http://i.imgur.com/DtZTTPI.png\n\n---\n\n[^[source ^code]](https://github.com/Winneon/makeswordclouds) [^[contact ^developer]](https://reddit.com/user/WinneonSword) [^[request ^word ^cloud]](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=makeswordcloudsagain&amp;subject=Requesting%20word%20cloud.&amp;message=%2Bcreate%20REPLACE_THIS_WITH_A_REDDIT_POST_PERMALINK)","That's so awesome, thank you. A lot of thanking it seems. :P","This was amazing! I really enjoyed it and hope you do more stories in the future! :)","Thankyou, I will try and make sure future stories are proofread for poor grammar. :P","So..... Is Blue Text the new Green Text? ;)","Blue really feels like the colour theme of 4. Green was 3, orange was New Vegas, and blue is 4. I'm expecting the Obsidian version to be red thematically.","Obsidian version?","New Vegas is to Fallout 3 as \"The Obsidian Version\" is to Fallout 4. \n\nNobody knows if it'll actually happen, but most people hope it will.","Aren't they the guys that did New Vegas? I want them to do a new one with this game's engine. They have fun wacky quests.","Wow that was absolutely awesome to read. I wish I could give you a thousand up votes!","Thank you. It's a really fun challenge to play through. The Mayor is my new favourite character to play.","I bet so! I'm sure you're proud of all that you've done. I definitely would be. I hope we get to see more of The Mayor's adventures!","I'm looking to do a second chapter. The Mayor's vengeance is coming.","Inspiring me with my plans for Fort Kickass. Thanks. ","Be sure to post your fort, would love to check it out.","I definitely read where that it changes based on that. Probably was the Fallout Wikia.","It does. Not just race, either, your fathers nose will be large if you make a character with a large nose.\n\nIm pretty sure its the same in Fo4. But ive only met shaun in two of the characters Ive made, who are caucasian. Face looked mildly different IIRC.","Todd himself mentioned at E3 that \"even the baby will change appearence based on the character you make\" so yes, shaun should look different depending on the parents looks.","Todd Howard mentioned it in the E3 demo, I believe.","Dude, this is absolutely not an argument for \"fallout 4 allows creative roleplay possibilities\". ","It was light hearted satire, relax.","Relax? Relax?!! This is serious business bud, this person has a different opinion and that shit ain't flyin. ","\"You die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become a villain\"","Random actions are always the most interesting. :P","Ha, thank you. And I really recommend it, Automatron is so much fun and combine with the Wasteland Workshop it allows so much new creativity in settlements.","This is brilliant! I love seeing what people do to make new challenges for this game. Keep up the good work.","Thank you, it was a really fun challenge to run through. I recommend trying it out.","You'd think so...\nBut practice tells me he's just various shades of black. \nLike, you have black. \nThen black black. \nThen so black it actually glows indigo in the light. It's pretty neat actually. ","Yes","Brilliant","Thank you. I'm glad so many people liked it. :)","\"But Mayor Ghastly, that will cut off all of the caravans!\"","We'll let the 'good ones' back in. It's easy to tell the good from the bad, I, Mayor Ghastly, have the world's best memory!","This is the most awesome thing to ever come of Sanctuary ","&gt;This is the most awesome thing to never come out of Sanctuary\n\nFTFY","Good point!","Thank you, it was a good challenge. :)\n\nMAKE SANCTUARY GREAT AGAIN","This...is....amazing.","Thank you. :)","I can believe i read the whole thing","I hope you enjoyed it. :)","Next time, [try clothing some settlers in hot dog costumes and enslave them in a sweatshop, forcing them into painting beautiful pieces of art day in and day out](http://www.reddit.com/r/thesims/comments/2ltsqv/_/) to sustain a lavish lifestyle for yourself.","And ensure my settlers do not get paid in anything but Jet.","I liked this so much I wrote a bit of coverage about it:\n\nhttp://www.tweaktown.com/news/51812/play-fallout-4-never-leave-sanctuary-hills/index.html\n\nGreat job man! I love seeing things like this. It's fantastic when people tell little stories about their adventures in the Commonwealth.","Dude, thank you so much. I'm so happy so many people seemed to enjoy it, even with all the poor grammar. Thank you. :)","Byootiful, 10/10.","In my last playthrough, i was white and Nate was black, and Shaun was a black baby. Haven't met him as Father yet though but i assume he hasn't magically changed skincolor :P","Ah, that must be it. The Mayor doesn't accept outside traders anymore.","Mayor Ghastly is such an hero.","Make the end goal something crazy. Like be a farmhand with every possible caged enemy caged up. As long as it remains fun, it's all that matters.","Someone just informed me of Brahmin cages, so my new goal is to have a heard of as many brahmin as possible. At least 20+.\n\nI'm also waiting for survival mode to hit consoles as well for the added challenge.","I am so jazzed for console survival mode. I really want to check it out and just try and survive.","I'm gonna get all the ranks of friends with animals perk and then do a Cattle drive to diamond city.","That would be awesome. Be sure to post it when you do. :)","Oooh exciting.","What an hero he was, to take that shot.\n:p","I didn't know that jet was that easy to make, I'll certainly incorporate that money making technique into my survival save.","Then, you muscle your way to becoming the kingpin of the Jet trade. Before you know it you'll have all the caps and slaves you want.","Haha","It's even easier if you leave Sanctuary and go to Diamond City where you can get shipments of plastic and fertilizer instead of waiting for the brahmin to do their business.","Or pick up every institute rifle you see to scrap later. The damn things drop tons of plastic.","With all those rads he has dozens of arms!","I failed that part of the GOAT, I put a grenade in each arm and convinced him to pull all the pins. :(","That took awhile...but was nice. 6 days of playtime and still no fucking Junkyard dogs for me.","If you don't have a problem with it, there's probably a console command you can use to get the ability to make the robot workbench, moment, will look it up\n\nOk, try\n\nPlayer.additem xx00254a\n\nOr this item ID: xx01133d\n\nThose are the 2 IDs listed for the schematics\n\nThe prefixed “xx” on some codes will need to be replaced with either 01 or 02","Thanks mate, but I'm on PS4. No console commabds. Good to keep in mind if I get it on PC though. :)","Tis OK, I'm on xbone so I know those feels","It's a rough deal, but the ease of console commands takes away the challenge. ","Hey so can u tell me how these fighting pins work? I wanted some settlers to fight some other settlers but i have no idea how this stuff works","So for settler v settler fights, you can set up two little platforms, a blue and a red. You then assign the settlers to the platforms like you would a job (running a store etc) once two sides are assigned they fight each other to the death.","How do u tell them when to start or when to stop?","That's the trick. Essentially they start as soon as they see eachother. So you need to rig up your arena so that you can have them both assigned without seeing eachother,  but then flip a switch and open a door so they will fight when you're ready. They will stop when one is dead.","Hmmm ok thanks","Hey can you tell me your SPECIAL and if you can perks","Yeah, I'll write them down for you when I get home","Thanks I'm gonna try this","So as of Lv 26. I have S4 P1 E1 C10 I10 A4 L5, 2 Cap Collector perks, 1 Medic, 2 Gun Nut, 2 Blacksmith, 1 Mr Sandman (for dealing with 'civil unrest'),1 Animal Friend, 2 Scrapper, 2 Idiot Savant, 1 Science, 2 Local Leader, 1 Wasteland Whisperer.\n\nI believe I started the game originally with S3 P1 E1 C10 I10 A2 L5. I think. I an't fully remember.","My recommended build for this: SPECIAL 3336535. This way, you can get Idiot Savant right away (absolutely essential when you want to level only by building and some random mobs). Scrapper, Local Leader and most of the crafting perks are also available from start. Maybe put the extra SPECIAL point from You're SPECIAL into Perception to get locksmith (advanced safe in the root cellar and in the blue house at the entrance of Sanctuary). ","I agree with the above. No locksmith skills keep me out of that damned treasure trove.","That was a riveting story.","That's awesome, am really looking forward to infections.","Hahaha, your Utopia will FALL!","We'll see mayor ghoulface!","Holy crap you are right this is hard, I am currently stuck at three settlers. ","It's a serious challenge, try checking the ved/water amounts","Ha, thank you. Finally, I am 1 above perfect!!!\n\nI'm glad you liked it. :)","Barbara as companion 2k16.","I really wish you could. Name Settlers and let them be companions. Even if their dialogue was rubbish I would love it.","Just named settlers ala FOShelter would be enough for me. If I could rename my provisioners to the route they travel, I'd be ecstatic.","Fallout Shelter style would have been great to have. It would immediately humanise all the Settlers and made them much more endearing. ","I just started this, but got tired restarting the game because I didn't find a damn crystal decanter. I settled with leaving Sanctuary once to go to Carla for crystal, but now she turns up in Sanctuary every 48 hours. Takes away from the challenge a bit. What I couldn't get to work are Brahmin, though. Still have to buy fertilizer.","You can make a save before entering the root cellar in Sanctuary for the first time. The wooden crate in there has a chance to spawn some items with crystal. ","Yeah, I read that after playing four hours today, no way I'm doing all that again. ","I think with the Brahmin it also depends on how much food your settlement has, I had tonnes of food from grinding the panting experience so I was getting a decent amount of fertiliser.","I think I'm going to have to try this out now. That was amazing.","Ha, thank you, it was a really fun challenge to play.","You can get Dogmeat without discovering Red Rocket. You only have to go down the road across the bridge a bit, and he'll trigger and come running.","Oh well it is already to late went there.","Okay, so this style of play through enticed me, decided to play a similar path. Only question... where did you get circuitry to build the Recruitment Beacon?","There was a hotplate sitting in an out of the way area in one of the houses.","This is really good, I fucking LOVE this. Will you make more stories about this?","Ha, thankyou, I'm really happy so many people liked it. I want to make a second chapter. :)","I'd really love that, please do","Thank you so much, I'm so glad so many people enjoyed it, it was a really fun challenge.","It makes sense to also go to red rocket. Its still in a relatively safe area. In order to roleplay someone who doesnt really want to stir up trouble.","It actually fits really well into the story i am making for my character so it does a lot of good for the story. ","Someone should adapt this into a comic. I'd totally read it.","Oh man, that would be so rad. :)","She will stand by my side or be punished with the rest!","Boom boom, bang bang, lie down you're dead. ","Barbara 4 President","Tagging to read after work. ","I thought that got patched out?","AFAIK guns are the only thing that works. But I do it all the time to continue growing Fort Kickass. ","It is still in the game. Anecdotal, with no hard proof: It works best with weapons and armor that have long names or a lot of mods on them. ","I've never had armor do anything, but the weapons weight and number of mods increases the amount.  A fully modded minigun takes a lot off","That was another plan, but I didn't have the ceramics for the longest time, and by then I had set a solid Jet empire.","I only started dropping and scrapping recently to make the junk tab cleaner. I hated having different items in there and not knowing how many of each resource I had. I only do this in Sanctuary though since it's my main settlement and only deal with others when I need to.","Oh, good to know. I still wish for the sake of organization you could 'scrap all junk' in the workshop. I'll still manually scrap for the reason I stated above.","Can you clarify what you mean on town size reduction. I've never heard that before.\nThanks","As others have said, when you drop things on the ground in your settlement and scrap them, it lowers the build size bar in the upper right corner, allowing you to build more stuff. If the bar fills up completely, it will stop you from building anything else, so this trick is often used by people who like to build very large settlements.","Very interesting, thank you","Wow. How long did it take just to make your town without ever leaving? ","Three weeks or so of playing in my spare time after work. About a years of in game time.","Wow. That's some serious dedication. ","Hey, thanks, was a lot of fun. :)","Where did you get the crystal if not from the cellar?","The junk iw randomly generated. I got a Crystal Decanter in one of the wardroves in a house.","Ok cool","Apologies for the spelling, I am half asleep. :P","Thank you, I tried to make sure the narrative was entertaining as wel as explaining how I got by. :)","Also, I gotta say, I appreciate the restraint you showed by not going to explore the Commonwealth. In open world games like these (Fallout, Elder Scrolls, Assassin's Creed, GTA, Far Cry, etc) the first thing I do is ignore all main quests and just go explore the world. By the time I finished the main story I had discovered probably 85% of the map locations, and even right now, as I type this, I'm messing around in Assassin's Creed Syndicate, just running around London. Not even really doing anything, just walking around and if I see something I go explore it. So props on your restraint!","It's the hardest thing. In big open world games I often feel that exploration should be the main story, and that the game progresses based on how many places you've seen. I did like in FO4 how once the Brotherhood are revealed they start showing up randomly, but I would have had that happened just after you reach a certain area instead of tie it to the quests.","I haven't heard it debunked...was there an update?","More please? That was awesome ","I would love to do a second chapter. :)\n\nThank you.","GHASTLY2016","Someone else linked me to that, too. I love it, we both even tried the same 'get dogmeat' tactic. Though my tactic was 'shoot him and he might come running over.'","Think it was hotfixed pretty much immediately. ","Dropping to increase build size definitely worked at one time. It may have gotten patched, but both my friend and I used the trick on console to build ridiculous settlements with dozens of wind turbines (on the theory that noise from generators reduces happiness), cartloads of turrets, and whatever elaborate structures we felt like putting inside the town walls.","10/10 great job! ","Ha, thank you. I'm so glad so many people liked it. :)","Welcome! :)","Agreed. And, like the TES games, they're Sandbox RPGs.\n\nYou can do what you want. Follow the plot or your own purpose.","You should have created buildings in the sky (build off of ladders, then remove ladders). It shows the peasants your power, plus you can isolate them up there as a prison they can never escape!","That's why I set the area limit of the island. No travelling over the water at all, and no crossing the bridge.","When you have the higher level scrapper perk though, doesn't auto scrapping like this use the whole object where you could get multiple things out of the object via manually scrapping off the ground?","Scrapper works for armor and weapons, and it would give you all the materials if you scrapped it at a crafting station too.","So if you let the system scrap say a modded pipe pistol for the copper, you'd get all the other stuff back into your workbench too?","Yep! Though, if you scrap it at a crafting station, I think it tends to deposit the materials into your inventory rather than the workbench, which can get a tad annoying, since it just adds another step in transferring the stuff. \n\nSo, nonetheless, no matter how you scrap weapons, armor, or junk, you will always get the full amount of crafting materials.","Nice! That'll save me some time","This doesn't break it down to components though does it? I hate, especially later in game when you have thousands of junk and you have to scroll though to find some specific type to bring to a different settlement","Whoa...","Hello Keanu. :)","That's a really good idea, makes sense too. I wanted to keep the limits visual so I couldn't talk my way aroubd breaking my own rules. ","lmao #16 has like 3 settlers standing on the roof in the background","My they did that all the time. The Wasteland and all that Jet has addled theur minds","It was awesome, I read most of it outloud to my husband while he was doing the dishes, using my own \"mayor ghastly\" voice - we were laughing SO HARD.\n\nExcellent role play, brilliant gaming!","This would also be a great way to have a steady supply of meat if you decide to go cannibal.  ","Hey mate. PS4, DLC Workshop and Automatron.","That is so good. I love it. So simple and straightforward. :)","I have an idea for you. Build their houses in a arena. Then just build some robots for in any case they get out of line....","I love that idea. A Dredd style city building. Only problem is I can't build robots. I haven't started the Automatron quests.","Oh, you just need to find AVA and from there you can start building them.","Yeah, I will have to try it if the Mayor ever leaves New Sanctuary","Oh right. Forgot about that..... Perhaps the Mayor could \"take a vacation\".","You can build a caravan post to attract traders, iirc.","I think you need to have gone to Bunker Hill to get that though.","Maybe. And I think Trashcan Carla only shows up if you've rescued the Minutemen.","Thank you, it was a good challenge and I'm glad so many people appreciate it. :)","Sweet, now I have something to read. Thanks mate.","It's a really good read, like yours! :) But seriously, good job man!","Thanks mate. :)","Yes maybe a sadistic collaboration could be a foot","Ha, that woukd be awesome","I was never good at coming up with cool ideas like this in games and ever since I've been on a nice cocktail of meds to keep my from laying in bed all day that creative side has just turned to dust. I love seeing things like this but at the same time I am always so jealous at the pure joy of imagination people can get from things like this. Reminds me of when I was a kid and my family had a hard time getting by. Even though I had few toys I always had some crazy thing in my head going on to make the \"play\" fresh and new. Now I am just spoiled to where when I get bored of the set experience I just move onto what's new. ","Absolutely amazing. More...I need more.","I hope to make a second chapter. Glad you liked the Mayor's challenge. :)","Yes I am still alive and well, you read The PIT but did you ever read [The Covenant?](http://imgur.com/gallery/Css0P) ","You're an actual psychopath. I admire that. ","Why thank you. Your admiration will be rewarded. ","I know I saw a video where someone did similar, a few months back. He didn't set up a fight pit or anything, he just never left the island, and built a huge thriving city.","Thank you, it was a really fun challenge to get The Mayor through it","Is your character a reference to Skulduggery Pleasant? ","Tried going to the edge of my borders and going back. I thought you could do that too, but it seems not, maybe it was patched out?","You told him you were going to go, right? Then that sort of sucks, but not that big of a deal for a novelty playthrough :)","Yeah, but not a big deal. He occasionally defends my city from raiders as the peasants are ill equipped to deal with any real threat.","He didn't even play the game that's why. He never left sanctuary.","Or am naturally very lazy. :P","I'm not sure the Mayor is welcoming towards rival towns anymore.","Haven't tested it myself, so I'm not sure if there's a way to take over settlements without saving Preston &amp; Co., but if there is.. MAYOR GHASTLY'S COMMONWEALTH. The possibilities for the supply line guys &amp; all that!! \n\nEither way that was an awesome read. It inspires me.","Oh god yes, I think you can, maybe with some... Murderous negotiations... The Commonwealth of Ghastly. Do Not Oppose Me!\n\nGlad you enjoyed it. It was a fun challenge.","It works. Kill everyone at a settlement and it becomes yours. Don't know how it works with settlement with kids though ","They will become MY children!!!","the kids run away, and I haven't noticed any come back.  Somebody should mod an orphanage so all the abandoned kids go there (if you decide not to kill them because mods).  If they don't allow killable kid mods, then you could mod in something messed up like selling them to the institute or to slavers.","Just started one of these as per your request, two questions: Firstly, what was your SPECIAL spread? Secondly, how in hell did you find a Crystal Liquor Decanter? I have looked this town up and down and found naught. ","I think all the junk is randomly generated,I found it in one of the houses.","Well that sucks, now I have no way to get a transmitter until someone shows up by mistake. ","Maybe try setting up a Ghoul trap, they may drop some.","Are traps from the DLC or something? Because they aren't available to craft for me. They don't even show up. ","Wasteland Workshop introduced them, yes.","Ok, that makes more sense","Yeah, they're in the Wasteland Workshop DLC. Definitely worth it, if you ask me.","I may have come up with the most convoluted plan to get that beacon. So I make a brahmin trough and hope one wanders in. When it does I farm its fertilizer until I can make enough Jet to make a Raider cage. From there, I farm Raiders until one drops Razorgrain. With that I farm it, until I have enough for a Brahmin cage. I farm the Brahmin until I can make a Mutant Hound cage. With their meat, I can make the Ghoul cage. We're almost done. I farm Ghouls until a camera drops. I get the crystal from the camera, make the beacon, and the reign of mild terror begins. ","Dude, that's great,there are so many workarounds if you try and think creatively. Good work, and with Raiders and Ghouls you have a better chance of getting the money you need to build a shop.","also you could grind to get max scrounger and gunners","If you do, please link me, it would be a great watch.","This would be even more interesting in the new survival mode.","ive been trying to do that, its incredibly difficult due to the monetary constraints and lack of antibiotics after some time","It really would. Even harder, too, I would imagine.","Ha ha, thank you. I put a lot of effort into a good narrative, glad you enjoyed it. :)","It's more a case of fighting your own temptations to leave. The 'that Raider house is only a bit across the river', or 'That military truck is still in the water' temptations are the hardest to get around.","I've started and feel like I'm taking soo many photos, but I suppose I don't have to use them all. Also getting some lucky crystal and  circuitry is the only thing that makes this possible.","You can get some from Caged Ghoul drops. Crystal is integral though. :P","So sad I couldn't get Dogmeat to come over. Just sitting there, waiting for me.","That's awesome. Did you need mods to do that? ","Thank you, I play on PS4 so no mods.","What is your button to open the workshop?","How did you get the deathclaw","Yao Guai meat was the hardest to get. I had to start planting carrots (I only had one to start with) to get a Ragstag cage. I then killed enough of the Ragstags to get a Yao Guai cage, then killed enough of them to get a Deathclaw cage.","You should have got Animal Friend so you could tame him and make him a pet. Who needs a fucking dog when you have a deathclaw?","I agree, but that takes perk points I need to save up for.","Great work OP, I also love sloths.","Thank you for that! It was an entertaining read. \n\nWhenever I read stuff like this, I always feel that I have no creativity when it comes to playing games. I just do the quest etc, and I think thats one of the main reasons why I am getting bored of most video games. I should really try and differ from the natural path of the game. ","Following the story is what we're supposed to do, so don't feel bad. I'm looking forward to what the new DLC has to offer.","Talk about Started From The Bottom","This is great. You can build a trader stand to get outside traders to come in. It can be pretty handy.","I think you need to get to Bunker Hill before that can be built. Not sure, I couldn't find it in the build.","Aw, didn't realize.","I will build a wall to keep smooth skins out! - Donald ghoul trump! ","And Bunker Hill will pay for it!!!","This is what Fallout 4 is about. Do whatever you feel like doing.","Exactly, make your own adventure.","No words, this is brilliant. Great job!","What's the overall happiness looking like?","Currently sitting on 55 with the red arrow down. I suspect the peasants are displeased with their lot in life. The fools. ","I find RPing really autistic and don't want to cringe, so can someone give me a TL;DR?","TL;DR. Stayed in Sanctuary, slowly built a town, turned into a Jet Dealer and a tyrant.","Excellent read, you sick dictator!","I am protecting my city, I am saving my city. I am curing MY city!!!\n\nThank you, glad you liked it. :)","Hmmm, With intimidation you could command a settler to attack dogmeat then they could be brought to sanctuary maybe? Actually it's probably better if its a raider.","This is the best thing ever. Thank you. x","Ha, you're welcome. I'm so happy so many people enjoyed it. It was a really fun challenge. :)","Very cool.  Keep us all updated?","So good! Thanks for posting.","You're welcome, glad you enjoyed it. :)","What was your initial SPECIAL?  And what would you have done if there was no crystal in Sanctuary?","Can't really remember the original stat list, but I think it was S1 P1 E1 C10 I10 A2 L5. I bought more stats as I needed more. My original plans kept failing, I thought traders would come by with a beacon, doesn't work that way. If I had no crystal would have been to make Codsworth run the store, also doesn't work that way.I would have probably spammed Ghoul cages until one dropped some junk that got me crystal.","Oof. That 10 int probably didn't help with idiot savant too much. ","I didn't really notoce a major drop. I kept getting it about 30% of the time when making Jet. It never happened anywhere else."],["My Red Rocket just has a concrete wall. Yours is an actual museum.","Homemaker lets me do a lot more than vanilla.  ","Yeah, I have it too. I'm just not good at making stuff look nice, so I just end up getting rid of what I try to make and settle for a wooden shack instead.","It takes ages. I don't realize how long I will be working on a settlement until suddenly 5 hours have passed and I am not nearly done.  ","I really expected more from wasteland workshop after seeing how much settlement mods were adding.\n\nMaybe they will update it with more stuff in the future. Kind of like a pass rather than a one time thing?","This seems likely since the DLC is called DLCworkshop01 in the plugin manager.","Nah, that's just Bethesda's naming convention. Dlc followed by an identifier and then 01. For reference, Dawnguard was DLCdawnguard01.\n\nEdit: and Wasteland Workshop's real contribution is in the added gameplay mechanics. Sure, we got some new toys but the real bread and butter of the dlc is all the functionality and new mechanics we get to play with and mod. It's not about the items, it's about what we'll do with them.","Dawnguard sequel nobody wanted confirmed! ","Awesome. I mean its only 5$, not too bad, but more stuff would always be nice.","Oh there will be more workshop DLCs. No chance in hell they're free though","I didn't get any of the DLC yet.  I may not, we'll see. I tend to have enough fun with all the mods.  ","I have a sleeping bag on the floor so I can sleep there when I'm near sanctuary but for whatever reason don't feel like going into town to sleep.","Welcome to SodoSopa, developed around historical Kenny's Red Rocket. \n\nNow introducing... The Lofts at Red Rocket.\n\n*Welcome Home*","And now introducing... *The Residences* at *The Lofts* at *SoDoSoPa*.","Shi Tpa Town is clearly where this is located.  The Whole foods is around the back.  ","I like how the power armor section of your bright and shiny museum is lit by fires in trash cans. \\^_^","It doesn't fit at all, but the light they emit looks cool as hell bouncing off the power armor.  ","It does!","I figure that area was just for me anyway and I wanted it looking really cool.  I've had to kill the settlement several times because I get angry when I find them up there.  ","I love what Microsoft's done with minecrafts graphics since they bought out notch! Wow!","LOL I do get that feeling sometimes.  ","Haha looks good though OP, keep in up!","Wow, I am blown away by your creativity. Excellent work, that looks amazing. ","Thanks I've done a few others.  Notibly Abernathy and Nordhagen beach.  I could post those too.  They go into detail with shops rather than just a stand.  ","I'd love to know what you did with Nordhagen. I like fortifying and building up small settlements like that one, but I stick with the \"wasteland\" aesthetic. I'm curious to see what a high-tech one would look like (assuming that's what you did).","Nordhagen beach is an entirely pier based settlement with all buildings located off a boardwalk over the water.  I'll post it soon.  ","I love your settlement, it looks great.\n\nPersonally though, I can't stand the weeds in this game, so I feel I must mention spring cleaning (http://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/4640/?) just so that I know that you know you have the option of scrapping them.\n\nBe careful with it though, it also lets you scrap things that you might not want to scrap.","Yes, I have used it after I built this settlement on my other, more ambitious settlements.  ","I thought it looked like a museum before you even told me it was a museum.","I knew I'd said too much","Someone needs to make the red rocket station into the spaceship from Futurama. ","LOL I have had the same thought.  ","Kinda looks like and Apple Store ","But...Power armor are Backward compatibile !","But do they fit in reverse?","How bad does your framerate drop once you get near this beautiful pile of pixels?","LOl I've got an I5 4690k and a 270x.  It drops to around 25-35 fps so not horrible.  Wouldn't want to rumble near it.  My Abernathy is worse in some spots.  ","I'm a very forgiving person. But those towels are hanging off of that toilet.","Why would I care about that?\n\n\n*Sweating intensifies* ","Many PC mods?","Just 1 I think. [Homemaker](http://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/1478/?tab=1&amp;navtag=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nexusmods.com%2Ffallout4%2Fajax%2Fmoddescription%2F%3Fid%3D1478%26preview%3D&amp;pUp=1) It adds about 1000 new craft able Lore friendly stuff to craft for your settlement. \n\n","Homemaker is the only one for this, no other mods.  Building this really presses my 270x sometimes.  Usually runs around 25-35 fps after I am done.  I just checked.  Spring cleaning too but for this settlement I had not used that one yet.  ","Who the fuck is Shaun?","I never loved him anyway.  ","I'm impressed. I made a similar design with the black marble walls and windows surrounding read rocket, but I didn't take it so high or large. Looks good. ","Thank you.  I scaled it back slightly when it dropped my FPS too much.  ","That is beautiful. Well done!","Thank you.  ","Wow - that should keep out any interlopers.","Does nothing for lollygaggers, though.","I kill any settler that doesn't show the proper respect.  Seriously, I've liquidated the population several times.  Usually when I want to test a new legendary weapon I picked up.  Then I just repopulate it from the radio and other settlements.  ","Impressive work. Do you go crazy with food plantations, I'm curious.","No, just enough to feed whose there.  When I started I made fields of mutfruit at many settlements before I figured out that purified water production was far more profitable.  Now my settlers exist for me to occasionally experiement with new legendary weapons.  I've killed all of them a few times.  ","[Hanging Gardens of Babylon would](http://cheapvacationholiday.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/The-hanging-gardens-of-Babylon_where-%C4%B1s-it_6.png) be cool in F4 !","Yes they would.  ","I like how you kept the settlers with dirty clothes lol","They mean nothing to me, literally lab rats to test cool weapons on.  At my beach settlement I demand all settlers wear sack hoods at all times (except the doctor, the doctor gets to wear a lab coat)","Turn it into an Apple store","Aww damn, i was hopeing this was all in wasteland dlc.  I want to get it but it sounds lacking","From what I saw many of the things in homemaker are in the wasteland DLC.  I don't have it so I don't know for sure.  ","I wonder if this guy used mods…","Homemaker.  ","Holy hell how do you get that stuff? How come people can build all this yet I'm limited to just a couple of shacks? It won't let me build much at all","PC mods","Another have a link for the uninitiated? ","http://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/1478/? there ya go.\n\nAlso watch Gophers [videos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWDjdimWoMQ&amp;list=PLE7DlYarj-DcsUoIH2gzYt7u6WSh07m4A) on modding Bethesda games","Thanks!","Oh...duh.","Not true, yes I used homemaker for this one but I built my first Red Rocked settlement without it.  Play with concrete foundations.  \n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHreruKty9I  This guy was my inspiration orignally.  He is the master of concrete foundation building.  Watch his videos for tips on building.  You don't need to be as big as his fancy stuff but the tricks he knows are 100% console friendly.  I will admit I was most impressed of my first, non mod build.  It was way harder but totally cool looking.  ","[deleted]","what are you talking about?","Maybe a really long stroke?","I think he was meant to post this in the thread about the concept art for armour and clothing, and how Bethesda should release it as DLC","Wrong thread I assume"],["\"Who, and where the fuck is Shaun? I wonder if that bitch is spending my caps with hoes in New Vegas.\" - Sole Survivor 2016\n\n\nSeriously though, this brought a tear to my eye, the memories. Well done! :D","I've been asking around Primm about a bald guy with a scar, Vault 111, and Shaun, but no one seems to know what the fuck I'm talking about. Oh well. Babies are annoying anyway.\n\nSeriously though, now that I have my Prospector Saloon, I just need to find a settler that looks like Trudy, one who looks like Sunny Smiles, and a junkyard dog, babysit them all the way to Spectacle Island, and make them stay in the Saloon for the rest of eternity with me while I ask them how they feel about the NCR.","I'd recommend replacing piper with Macready.","Too bad I can't force Mama Murphy out there and build her chair in Easy Pete's spot.","Mama Murphy and Easy Pete sounds like a dangerous combination.   \nChems + explosives + looney old folks = a heckuva good time!","I can't even imagine that drugged out old crow handling dynamite. We could've just let her loose on the deathclaw in Concord.","You could say... She has a bunch of dynasight...","boo get off the stage\n\nj/k, have an upvote.","Hey, nice work! I really liked the vibe. next step, rebuild the strip with the casinos and interiors. I'll be waiting.","No problem. Should I build the NCR Embassy, Vault 21 with the Vault Hotel underneath, and Michael Angelo's studio as well? I guess I would have to. I'll get right on it!","Of course! And don't forget Freeside!","And the rest of the Desert as well. Might as well.","That's actually really awesome. How many hours did that take you to make?","Thanks! And about... 8 or 9 hours I guess? I'm not entirely sure. Lol","How do you get the counter like that?\n\nLooks amazing btw.","You mean get them clipped together? Just put one on top of a small doormat and pick up the door mat. It'll basically make the counter invisible and let you place it inside of other things. Look up \"Fallout 4 rug glitch\" on YouTube and you should find tons of videos.","You should Add the secret moonshine room that's in the back in new Vegas ","Oh yeah, it actually is back there. I just forgot to take pictures.","That's badass dude serious props to the entire project it's very accurate ","Thanks! Props to you for checking it out! :)","I only just now realized how powerful those sun rays are in terms of creating atmosphere. Damn you New Vegas! (I miss you)","It hasn't gone anywhere...","True enough comrade but I am a humble console peasant and don't currently have my 360.","I Just Started Playing New Vegas there Funnily enough 😀","Awesome! It's a great game, I hope you enjoy it!","Ahh, the first-time feel of any new Bethesda game. Man, if only I could relive that with FO3 and NV. \n\nThey're such fun games! I've completely played through NV atleast 4-5 times to see all the different endings + countless other saves that I never finished the main story line with lol. ","First time playing FNV? If so, enjoy the greatest fallout game ever :)","well done mate!","Saloon, saloon never changes...\nWell done :)","It might not be Easy Pete sitting in that chair... but some claim she is still easy. &lt;_&lt;","\"Wow, you're really good at picking locks... I think I love you. Here is my life story and vagina.\" Yeah, I'd say so. lol","This. This is awesome","No, you're awesome.","couldn't even write saloon in neon","I did at first, but it was so small that it looked really stupid.","i was gonna write a reply and say they have a subreddit for that, but r-small is just generic porn.  ","\\*sigh\\* *unzips*","don't bother, here [(.)(.)](https://www.reddit.com/r/nsfw411/wiki/index)","not bad.","Not bad yourself. :)","Don't you think it's cool that the one in new vegas couldn't even render outdoors, and you've made it and you can see the world. Good job btw","It is really neat! Just being able to open the door and see inside from outside the building is really cool. And thank you.","Damn fine work","Inside is good - the outside is a bit poor.  Not sure I get why you put \"liquor\" on the outside.","OP just took the liberty of putting it, there's no need for it to be 100% accurate. Gives more life to the facade, I like it.","Oh, I definitely don't care if you like it, but thanks for telling me.\n\nedit:  Not sure why liking the project overall, but pointing out something I did not like, makes my post bad.   Remember, guys; down vote is not a disagree button.","??????\n\nNobody on the internet cares about what we like or dislike, bro. If you think this is important enough to mention it, you shouldn't even have pointed out your opinion about the project in the first place, because we don't care what you think about the inside or the outside or the liquor sign.","I don't mind too much. I'm not super happy with the outside myself, but I wasn't left with a lot of choices on how to go about it... The inside has all of those concert posters and such in the original, so I was able to decorate with paintings. The main feature on the outside, however, is the sign above the entrance, and I couldn't really do that with neon because it was too small. So I agree with him, the outside does look really bland, but there's just not a ton that I can do to change it.","I know, but at least in my opinion the liquor sign was a good alternative to the salloon sign that you weren't able to do. It wasn't 100% accurate in comparison to the original, but made it less bland.\n\nBy the way, why don't you try doing the sign with power boxes? I think you may be able to write a nicely sized name with the big and the small variations.","There's small power boxes?! Must've been something I missed in Wasteland Workshop... I'm gonna get on there and try it right now. Thanks!","Yeah, it was added in the DLC. I'm happy to play a small part in the greatness of this project. Keep us posted!","I upvoted you. I don't mind constructive criticism. You weren't an asshole about it or anything.","I just felt like it needed something since I couldn't replicate the actual sign. Probably wasn't in the best spot. And I'm not super happy with the railings on top, I'll probably figure out a way to give it extra height in a different way. As far as the sides of the building go... There's not a whole ton I can do with it without just throwing random crap on the building. We don't have like a brick and mortar texture like what's on the real thing, or decent looking windows.","If you did this on PC, why the hell you didn't use most of awesome mods.\n\nIf you did this on Console, well played sir.","Nope, not on PC sadly. Xbox One poor boy here.","don't be sad about having console.","I'm not actually sad, I'm very appreciative to have my Xbox One and be able to play Fallout 4 at all. But I'll still be saving up to build a computer one of these days.","Itsva wonderful job then, you are getting mods soon anyway.","Thanks! And hell yeah, I'm looking forward to those sweet, sweet console mods. I'm going to have every workshop mod they approve."]],"hockey":[["Massive butthole unclenching for Caps fans ","Mine is clenched until we either win the cup or get eliminated. ","Yeah it's really just the beginning of your clench. I'll be watching playoff hockey, from here on out, completely clench-free! Woo!\n\n...silver linings :(","Clench free playoffs. The Oiler way.","No way bro, our playoffs start next week","Ahh the Chicago blackhawks of the draft lottery ","You spelled offseason wrong.","awwww.\n\nDon't worry, we'll take out Pittsburgh next round. We both know that they're who we all really hate.","[every day of playoffs hockey](http://youtu.be/h7EDmVwfmrE)","If we meet up and I give you some coal, I'll split the diamond profits with you.","##**FADE ME, SO THAT I MAY RIDE ETERNAL THROUGH THE HALLS OF VALHALLA**","#FUCK THE PENS, ETERNALLY.","WE'LL DO OUR PART. ","WE'LL BEGRUDGINGLY CHEER FOR YOU BY SAYING FUCK THE PENS.","JUMP ON THE BANDWAGON FRIEND!","NEVER ON THE BANDWAGON, ALWAYS ON THE FUCK THE PENS!","I think somebody just came up with a new flair idea...","Maybe a hockey stick stuck through the logo to show they get fucked by life. For a good example, look at the Vancouver logo.","http://imgur.com/tvW7qBW from http://www.russianmachineneverbreaks.com","It should probably be caps colours though. If I saw someone's flair as that I wouldn't be able to distinguish it from a regular pens flair since they're already too tiny.","Hey, man. Don't feel too bad. It only took you six games to score as many as PIT did yesterday.","Sorry we couldn't all play the Rangers ","Ayy ","http://imgur.com/6Pp041L","#WITNESS ME!!!!","So...who wants to tell him that fades don't last forever...","As long as my flair is faded and Pittsburgh's isn't, it'll feel like an eternity.","I fade, I brighten, I fade again.","**WITNESS HIM!!!!**","WITNESS HIM","WITNESS ME!!!!","[WITNESS ME](https://cdn.streamable.com/video/mp4-mobile/qdd5.mp4)","the flyers did better than I thought they would. good series.","Honestly, came into this season wondering if the Flyers would even be competitive this year.  I'm honestly thrilled by how this year went and proud as hell of this team.","You guys have a hell of a coach on your hands.\n\nI was impressed as hell with how he adjusted during this series, and even during this *game*. He was NOT afraid to rely on guys who were actually showing up instead of guys with big names. He switched lines. He fixed the PK strategy. He forced the Caps to shoot from the outside. He trusted Neuvirth. \n\nReally, really impressed by Hakstol more than any individual player. ","It takes some seriously good coaching to take that defensive corps to the playoffs. Not just that, but they had them playing *well*, too. ","Fuck, Brandon manning and Andrew MacDonald looked like legitimate defensemen this series. He made Schultz and Gudas look like a shut down pair even at times. I'm more than happy. I just hope he is able to better adjust the offense to create more scoring opportunities. ","Philly  D is going to be so sick in 2-3 seasons","He somehow really coaches defenses well he did at UND","When you look at the Flyers defense core and see how they finished in the top half in Goals Against and stifled the Caps in this series its pretty incredible:\n\nStreit - Schultz\n\nGudas - Manning\n\nGhost - Macdonald\n\nThats a rag tag group of washed up veterans, rookies, a gritty dman who finished 3rd in the league in PIM and a guy who was in the AHL earlier this year.\n\nGhost and Gudas are probably the only guys that will be fixtures on the team in 2 years.  Macdonald will technically be b/c of his contract but will likely just be a depth guy.\n","Really wishing the bolts held on to him. He was only a year away from hitting his stride big time. ","He needs some serious help on the pp though. Dunno whose out there, but I hope Hextall finds someone. He adjusted everything *except* for the PP. Kept putting the same players out all series and it was clearly not working.","I agree. Thankfully, special teams are pretty volatile year over year. With the exception of some of the league's most stubborn coaches, teams can typically get better in a hurry there. Hakstol isn't stubborn. I have faith they'll get a sick PP out there. When you have a player like Ghost and his shot, how can you NOT?","Seriously- Future looks bright. Loved this series, it was fun. ","2020 The year all Philadelphia sports teams come together and make a run for their respective championships (except the Sixers)","UNION!","Doop! ","union clap clap clap union clap clap clap\n\n1st place in the east! (until the outcome of the orlando city game tonight)","Imagine if Neuvy started from Game 1.  My heart couldn't handle those three games with him in it.  ","Eh, mason did very well until he got himself injured. It probably wouldn't have made a difference","You're just assuming he's injured. ","From watching game two after his one split save that he got up awkwardly from you could tell his play dropped immediately after that. Now, I don't know that he's injured, but I could tell that for whatever reason he certainly wasn't 100%","Was expecting a sweep","I think most of us were. They fought back to almost force a Game 7. Impressive job.","Philly really fought back. Great series. ","Yeah, they did a great job. I mean, I am a Caps fan, but I really appreciated how Philadelphia fought back over those last two games, even if I was cursing them at the same time. \n\n","Flair up, then!","&gt; ~~Philly~~ Neuvirth really fought back. Great series.\n\n\n","Sometimes that's all it takes. ","Crosby vs Ovechkin ","[Live from Gary Bettman's office](https://114pembrokedotcom.files.wordpress.com/2012/11/randy_marsh_covered_in_ectoplasm.jpg)","Did a spooky ghost bear walk through? ","On his way to the golf course, yeah.","[Fuck you that was good.](http://stream1.gifsoup.com/webroot/animatedgifs5/2509561_o.gif)","Bring back the narratives!\n\nBut really though","Bring me Crosvechkin","Is that an Ovechkin-Crosby fan fic 'ship?","[The arrogance of man is thinking that nature is in our control, and not the other way around.](https://media.giphy.com/media/qN7NZR3Q5R2mY/giphy.gif)","Gonna be a great series.. Hat-tricks for both! ","TJ Oshie vs Urrbody.","So USA vs Canada then.....","I think Malkin V Ovechkin has a lot more heat behind it considering their similar backgrounds.","They have quite a bit of history together. They were former Olympic roommates, but then had a falling out. Things were so sour for a while that Ovechkin reportedly took a swing at Malkin's agent in Moscow.  They've since patched things up somewhat, but it would be interesting to see how that would play out in a playoff series. ","Is normal in Russia for agent to punch other agent. Is not necessary that was any reason for it. Maybe Sasha agent eat last piece of horse at barbecue without offering to others","In Estonia we call this \"contract\"","&gt; ~~Crosby~~ Kessel vs Ovechkin\n\n","Sick performance from Neuvirth. ","Man, fuck the Caps.\n\n\nOh, they're playing the Pens next round? \n\n\nLETS GO CAPS! WOOOOOOOOOOO","You know what, I'll take it. The enemy of my enemy is my...work acquaintance. \n\nSeriously, give us your evil juju magic. We need it against those unholy bastards.","my sentiments exactly","WOLOLO","[west philadelphia](http://i.imgur.com/ROx3rnE.png)","You've definitely had this ready to go since game 4","Such a seamless photshop","Way before that actually. I had a couple ideas for crying jordans before the playoffs started. I have one left in the bag and then I'm done. The meme has run its course but its not hurting anyone to delay its death a bit.","On the golf course is where I spent most of my days.","Teeing off, bunkin' it, putting with Giroux.","Coppin ass off some pig on the outside of the pool ","When a couple of Caps, they were up to no good.","Made me start doubtin' if Mason was good","They scored one little goal and I got scared","Mods said \"you're out of the playoffs and we're fading your flairs.\"","DUN DUN DUUUUN DUN\n\nDUNDUN DUN DUUUUN DUN","This is probably the greatest cover of the fresh prince song ever created. ","Ironically, there are very few people in West Philly who care about the Flyers. ","Didn't expect the playoffs this year. So I'm proud of this team. They fought hard and made it to the playoffs against all the naysayers. ","I love you Blinsin. See you next season. I'm gunna eat almonds every day until the next flyers game for good fortune! ","Round 2 dueling hat tricks, please.","We will win with an Ovechtrick","You're going to have to take that up with Hatrick Hornqvist. ","Damn Ovechkins english has improved","Def better than Malkin lol","Geno doesn't have to deal with massive North American endorsements the way OV does so that probably has something to do with it","Is it just me or were the 2016 Flyers and the 2015 Senators very similar? At the bottom of the standings at midseason, go on a incredible run to make the playoffs, go down 3-0 against a high seed, win two straight, eliminated by a shutout at home in Game 6?","Pretty close. Sens lost 2-0 with a 19:59 EN goal in game six.\n\nFrom wiki:\n\n&gt;With the team **at .500 in early December**, general manager Bryan Murray fired head coach Paul MacLean, replacing him with assistant coach Dave Cameron. After being **14 points out of a playoff spot at the start of February, the Senators rallied behind the outstanding play of call-up goaltender Andrew Hammond down the stretch and qualified for the playoffs in the last game of the regular season.**\n\n...\n\n&gt;For his play, Hammond, nicknamed the \"Hamburglar\", gained league-wide attention, being named as an NHL Star of the Month and Week. Two rookies had outstanding seasons. Mark Stone who was nominated for the Calder Memorial Trophy, tied for the lead in points among rookies and Mike Hoffman led all rookies in goal scoring. First-year captain Erik Karlsson led the team in scoring with 66 points and was nominated for the James Norris Memorial Trophy as the league's top defenceman.\n\n\n...\n\n&gt;In the playoffs, the Senators played the Montreal Canadiens in the first round of the playoffs. It was a rematch of the 2013 series which the Senators won. The Senators fell **behind 3–0 in the series before rallying back with two wins.** However, the comeback fell short and the Senators were eliminated in six games.","Damn. So proud of this team. They put their heart and soul into this season. All in all, I have nothing to complain about. Incredible job by Dave Hakstol this year. ","Fuck History, this team has no history\n\nLETS GO CAPS, bring it Pens!!","I'm rooting for you... but just for one series.","https://media.giphy.com/media/3oCWtoSgcNkhP8fvzy/giphy.gif","Fuck the pens up!","All together now: **FUCK THE PENS!**","Universal call of the Metropolitan: FUCK THE PENS!","And the Atlantic! **FUCK THE PENS**","Now to see what surgery G and Voracek probably need\n\nGood series Caps","Voracek groin, book it. ","Okay Blues. The Sharks did it. The Caps did it. Don't fuck this up!","Pens. Caps. OH, BABY!","The Flyers really turned themselves around after game 3. Gained a lot of respect for them this series.","Go Trotz!","TIME FOR /R/PENGUINS TO DISABLE THEIR CAPS LOCK","One last time, before my flair fades...\n\n[thx](https://i.imgur.com/S1XRZP7.jpg)","Caps have a chance to eliminate the entire state of Pennsylvania ","Now that we're out, I wouldn't mind them doing that. ","Yes, please do, Caps ","Gonna be making a quick turnaround from \"Fuck the Caps\" to \"Let's go Caps\"","Ehh, more like Fuck the pens","You've got it backwards. We're not rooting for you, we rooting for the other team to lose. \n\nFUCK THE PENS!","[Me when we weren't converting the 5-on-3](https://imgur.com/FyOn0hV).... And then [me when Backy scored](https://imgur.com/ISY78OK) ","https://i.imgur.com/bbP9duG.png\n\nhttps://i.imgur.com/s1RwXv1.png","Wasting no time","I really wanna know how Nashville's would look ","That one and Florida gave me the most problems. I think I have a decent solution for Nashville though.","Neuvirth carried them past game 4","Bring it, you cunts.","I assume you mean that in the nicest way possible. ","I sure don't","Well good thing you didn't say it.","Consider it brought, you dicks","HERE WE COME PITTSBURG\n\nEDIT: WHO KNEW ONE LETTER COULD CAUSE SUCH A FUSS, DOUBLE FUCK YOU PENGINS","You know exactly what you're doing you monster. ","SORRY, PITSBURG*","I think Oventchki is a really good player. He might even be in the top 5 Russian players this year. ","*Ovenchicken","OVENCHICKEN V. MILKIN\n\nTHE MOST DELICIOUS MATCHUP IN THE NBA, COMIN' TO YOU STRAIGHT FROM LATVERIA!","We didn't get moved to Pittsburg, Kansas. ","WE COMIN FOR DAT ASS","H","Remember the time you got burned by the discovery Channel https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CE-xFH3UgAAiCbH.jpg:large","Has a player ever earned the Conn Smythe only playing 3 games?","Neuvy played 3 unreal games. Kept you guys in it. He's always been notoriously streaky over the long term, but damn if you get him when he's on point it's really hard to score on him.","[wearing my faded flair with pride](https://scontent-atl3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xft1/v/t1.0-9/13087509_1128460447204363_1701280536557030911_n.png?oh=97163f29a7fea58e0dc9399f3ff3ee78&amp;oe=57B33426)","You may fade my flair, but you will not fade my spirit.  No one thought we'd made the playoffs, everyone thought we'd get swept.  At the end of the day amazing D and holtby kept us at bay.  All I ask is that you now go ruin the penguins.","Take my love, take my flair\n\nFade me out, if you dare\n\nI don't care about the playoff tree\n\nYou can't take my spirit from me. ","beautiful","Flyerfly?","Holtby is sexy","Our watch has ended","[Ovi v Crosby](http://i.imgur.com/NnoGhN1.gif)","[We faded teams just sitting here like](http://img-comment-lol.9cache.com/media/66fa8889141956874237896417_700wa_0.gif)","When I said I wanted \"Ghost-themed Flyers flair,\" this is not what I meant...","We came out flat in Game 6.. Neuvy deserved better.\n\nGG caps\n\n#FUCK THE PENS","We didn't come out as flat as we did in Game 5.","We never came out in game 5 lol","[deleted]","For the first 5 minutes. After that, the first period and the final 10 minutes were the best we looked all series. ","But Neuvirth did so good ;( , its still a rebuild afterall though.","I LOVE THIS SEASON AND THIS TEAM FUCK ALL THE HATE","LOVE HOW IT IS ALL CAPS","Mad respect to the Flyers. Made the playoffs in a rebuilding year and gave the best team in the regular season a run for their money after an embarrassing game 3 where they could have rolled over and died. Mr. Snider would be proud.","Neuvirth should've started, would've been a completely different series","Can't win if you can't score.","I don't think mason letting in 12 in the first three helped either. ","Most of that wasn't on Mason. There were a couple UGLY goals but the team in front of him stunk. ","Caps still take Game 1, and Neuvy probably loosens up as the series goes along. ","If they had maybe scored in the first game, things could have turned out differently. A 2-0 loss puts the blame squarely on the offensive end of the puck.","I really don't think so. Our offence was just not there. ","I don't think it was really our offense's fault, the caps played amazing hockey and that's why they're the president trophy winner and made things look easy.","Flyers scored 5 goals against holtby in 6 games. Neuvy can't score for them.","Neuvirth had one start over the last month of the season (in the meaningless final game of the year.) No reason why Mason shouldn't have started over him at the beginning of this series.","I really don't agree. Mase was great game 1, the only reason we weren't down like 5 goals.\n\nGame 2 you can blame on Mase.\n\nGame 3...I mean it was a shit show. neuvy or Mason would have made no difference","Props to the fans there who didn't start booing because the team lost. They played well and fought hard.","Now Philly wil join the crying Gretzkys","You took the Presidents Trophy winners to 6 games, and only barely lost today. Nothing to be ashamed about at all! &lt;3\n\nEDIT: So...fuck the Pens?","GO TROTZY GO TROTZY GO!!!!","TAKE THAT INVERSE BROOM AND SHOVE IT UP YOUR ASS. ","still waiting for that guy to eat the broom","Holtby fucking nailed it.","I may be faded but I will still shout FUCK THE PENS from the afterlife.","Here's to a good series, and an even better season. Love you, Flyers.","Try not throw your flairs on the ice. ","Bandwagon flairs are for bandwagoners. I'm keeping my fade ","Excellent analysis","im wearing it with pride","maintaining my fade bc fuck bandwagon-ing","You can call Flyers fans a lot of things, but you can't call us disloyal.","Good learning experience for the young Flyers, seeing as they got outplayed for a good chunk of that series. Gonna be interesting to see what happens going forward with Neuvirth and Mason too. Neuvirth playing as well as he did in the playoffs and parts of the regular season will surely earn him a chance to challenge for the starting job. \n\nPens/Caps should be fucking awesome once it starts. ","Excellent job, Capbros..,\n\nAlso, fuck the caps!","Flyers impressed me by winning 2 games. You guys have a bright future ahead.","Standing ovation from the Philly fans. They are just the worst aren't they?\n\nSo fucking proud of this team for getting this far. Big things coming.","Good season, Flyers. This was supposed to be a rebuild year and we took the best team in the league to game 6 of the first round and made them sweat doing it. Gostisbehere came up and gave us a glimpse of Flyers hockey in the next 2-3 years, especially with Morin, Hagg, Sanheim, Konecny, etc. coming up. Can't wait until next year!\n\non a more r/hockey note, FADE ME","Well fucking done boys","Flyers taking 17 penalties didn't help.","Great series Flyers. Neuvirth played amazingly. He was like a brickwall.","I went in hoping for 1 win. But with this ragtag bunch of scrappy ruffians WE DOUBLED THAT GOAL!!\n\nIt just sucks that both teams had those scary injuries. If not for that (and us losing) this series would be more fondly remembered","[deleted]","Wasn't Kenny Albert the commentator? ","Everything after January was icing on the cake for this season. Taking the Caps to six, especially after the first three games, was just more icing. \n\nWe've got a bright future and the Caps are going to fuck the Pens, win in 5 and we can say we're better than the Pens once again. ","I like your logic :). Good series btw and good luck in the next season flyers","I'm happy we didn't get swept by arguably the best team in hockey. Feels good man. ","Pens will destroy the Caps if they can barely score more than 1 goal a game against Philly. ","Did you watch any of the series?","Yes every game but the 1st one. All I'm saying is the Caps won't make it past the Pens the way they are playing, everyone has their opinion here's mine. ","The thing I would worry about as a Caps fan is Matt Murray. If he stands on his head that will be the difference maker in the series. ","I'm not worried with Holtby in net. It'll be a great series, but I think the Caps will prevail.","I just mean if Murray matches Holtby, I feel the Pens win the series. You just need to get to him. But he is a fantastic goaltender. ","LET'S FUCKING GO FUCKING CAPS","Took longer then it should have but finally beat Philly. Now we can put to quiet those ridiculous talks of the reverse sweep. The Flyers played better than us in game 4, but Neuvy just decided to play the absolute best he ever had these past 3 games. We were better in game 5, but finally got it in game 6.","Plenty of room on this wagon, buddy. If we come together, Voltron-style, we may beat the hated Pens yet!","So we played Neuvirth and the caps got scared.","Let's show Washington what real offence looks like ;)","You have to think if Neuvirth played this whole series, it would have been a different story","We weren't supposed to be here anyway.","Yes, but we have quality offensive players who were scoreless or close to it. Scoring shouldn't have been as big of an issue as it was","That's what I noticed as well. I came into the series expecting the Flyers not to be that productive on offense and the Caps shut down all the key offensive players you guys had and that was the difference on offense. Neuvy dragged your team through a lot more than we were all expecting as well. ","Great series. Got to hand it to the Flyers, they hung in there for 2 games. Unfortunately for them, Neuvirth can't score. Let's go Caps!! ","Not one Flyer had more than a goal and they had four players tied for most points with... 2\n\nNeuvirth made it seem a lot closer than it really was.","Neuvy was really the saving grace of them. Without him I think they would have been blown out but it's tradition for Caps to face goalies that stand on their head and stonewall us while the rest of their team manages to squeeze out 1 or 2 goals and scrape by with a win. ","**SHINY AND ~~CHROME~~ ORANGE**","If some how we can't take the Blackhawks in game 7 I will jump on the Capitals bandwagon cause Oshie is a beast and while I wish he was still on the Blues. I wish him luck in the playoffs. ","Good series, beat the shit out of the Pens for us, ok?","Can he score 15 goals in 15 seconds?!?!","He can also somehow carve the word \"Gieco\" out of a solid chunk of ice using only slapshots.","What a fucking Savage!","GO LEAFS GOOO","Ah the deadguin.","At least the Philly  fans didn't cause a second delay of game ","Hey Caps, please crush the ever living fuck out of the Pens. Thanks!","FADE THOSE FLAIRS.","Ready, 3,2,1, and cue the fade on the flair. ","Don't worry Philly, you'll be seeing the Eagles in the playoffs this season ","Thats debatable","Ok","They put one too many behind him and the Flyers got mad and said:","The Caps-Pens match up is going to be crazy","Do not go gentle into that good night.\nRage, rage against the dying of the light","LET'S GO CAPS!!!","Wouldn't he just be the head of the panther for Florida?","That makes too much sense...","You live, you die, you li---oh, nevermind.","I picked Caps in 6 so I'm pleased with the outcome","That is beautiful.","[TRAITOR!](http://a.dilcdn.com/bl/wp-content/uploads/sites/6/2016/01/First-Order-Riot-Control-Stormtroopers-1536x864-397036155406.jpeg)","Someone made it a while ago and it's the back of the logo, the front is Jordan face, but he has the Sabre tooth teeth. \n","http://i.imgur.com/D6l8fu1.gif","http://i.imgur.com/HHz73U5.gifv","\"wow, what do you say to that one? Brutal, Savage, Rekt.\" -RedEye","Find out tomorrow night!","Oh yeah the Caps have a great team, most teams would find it difficult to score on them. My point was more that even if Neuvirth played the full series, we still wouldn't win because we didn't score enough. ","*Kinda faded, but I feel alright*","Nah, they'll be clenching for the draft lottery.","woosh","[deleted]","Seriously you are going to point that out as if any team would cheer the team that just beat them. Gtfo","Weird how I'm not surprised in the slightest.","And after 2 games, the Flyer's fans were up to no good","Good thing the Choke-itals stayed home today...if we had lost...","Flyers, the city of Philly and my bracket thank you.","No he didn't.","Cyaaaaa","Hey man","Honestly, they did *worse* than I thought they would, but played more games. I had them pegged at a 5 game series, but I thought it would be a hard fought battle with some decent offense. Instead, they were just *consistently* shown up in every aspect of their game. The Flyers won two games, but the Caps controlled all 6 by a large margin.\n\nThe wins were completely on the back of just one player, while the rest of the guys just showed how clearly and painfully undermatched they were with each of the Capitals lines. Giroux and Co. got absolutely *nothing* going, they sat back and tried to ride out leads instead of staying strong on the puck in the offensive zone, scoring chances were weak, and special teams were abysmal (though the PK got stronger once they let Bellemare off his leash).\n\nMore often than not when I watch an NHL game I get the sense that either team could turn on the gas and take the game at any moment. I assumed I'd get that feeling in at least 3 games. I got it in 0. When the Flyers got the lead, they were holding onto it for dear life as the opposition pummeled them with shots. When they fell behind, I had no faith that they'd be able to recover. It's rare to see that in the playoffs. Even in a sweep it's usually not so solidly established that one team just outmatches the other in every facet of the game.","MEDIOCRE.","You guys had a pretty amazing rebuilding season.","He made it 2 games ago.","That's what I figured, but he wasted no time posting it","Karma is one hell of a drug.","Mason let in 12 in the first 3 games, that's pretty deflating as well","How many of those at evens? He had 3 softies, yeah, but when your team is taking penalty after penalty and letting Carlson/Backstrom have all the time in the world on the PP (before some changes FINALLY made in game 4), I'm not sure how you can blame the goalie.","[deleted]","Yea cause the non high stick and phantom trip sure helped the Caps.","Of course this comes from a Vancouver fan","Just saying, you guys aren't much better\n","[deleted]","Like the 4:00 minute power play we got for high sticking our own player, wait a minute...","And the bullshit hooking call, and Schenn targeting head and leaving his feet and no call.","For handing the Flyers a two minute 5 on 3?","Love the flyers, but happy to see Oshie getting to round 2!!","Please take out the penguins now","Why is this so damn high up on /r/all?!","ovi ovi ovi","Pens will be there soon enough.","Fuck yaaaa","Remember when you were in the playoffs? Most people dont.","You're my favorite","Remember when you won the cup?","Not that we need to, since it's indelibly burned in Pens fans minds.\n[](/GNU Terry Pratchett)","Was the Flyers 3rd before or after our 3rd? ;)","Yes, and we didnt need gretzky to do it.","Hell of an effort by the flyers for that come back. Up 3-0 got much more stressful than I ever anticipated. Good series and great season flyers ","The Flyers did exactly as expected, but Neuvirth did better than expected so the outcome is that it went to six while many people were expecting five.\n\nEdit: Myself included. Also my real team is the Habs (WSH is my wife's team, so I legitimately like them and I'm very emotional about their performances) so it was quite the experience to be on the other side of the Halak type situation.","This was nowhere near as bad as the Halak situation. ","Well no, but I lived the Halak situation from the perspective of a Habs fan, so this is the closest I've ever been to feeling that way.","Flyers scared the fuck out of me. After game 5 I was thinking oh fuck, 2010 is happening again.","Gj caps, you didn't manage to blow it in the first round. ","Hextall might have to give him a few lessons this summer, then","HOLY FUCK, WASHINGTON VS. PITTSBURGH ROUND 2 LET'S FUCKIN GO!!!!","I don't think you understood ","Thank fuck.  ","Yeah, hehe... Oh wait. ","Nice to see PHI regain some composure and win 2 after that atrocious 3rd game. ","hey, we get to join you in the draft lottery clenching this year!\n","even when my team is eliminated a crying Jordan will always bring a smile to my face ","And sharks","Except the Sharks take a big ol' bite out of the stick.","Literally choking","Feasting*","Mediocre.","That was one crazy ass series ","I would be willing to have that for a little while.","I agree. But to be fair, in 3 games against Neuvy they only scored 2 goals. Doesn't make up for our lack of scoring, and I love Mase, but it may have made a big difference ","No, Neuvirth did better than I thought they would. He single-handedly made this a series. If they had kept mason in for game 4, i'm pretty sure the Caps would have swept. Just based on his performance in 1 thru 3","Got to say, I'm happy for Neuvy. I think Flyers have a great goalie if he can stay healthy. Should be interesting going into next season.","&gt;Clench free playoffs. The Oiler way.\n\nIsn't it just clench-free season as well? I mean unless you count draft lottery position.","Out of the loop here, who is this magnificent crying black man? ","Michael Jordan.","[deleted]","Cmon man at least get the lyric right ","Aww Wardo, y u do dis ;_;","I got in one little series and my fans got scared ","And said, \"Pierre looks like a penis puppet with that lack of his hair.\" ","Moment of silence for the Flyers..... *FUCK PITTSBURGH*","Jesus, it's FUCK THE PENS... Goddamn Caps can't do anything right.","At least he remembered the H","Well we can win four games. ","... eventually...\n\n[](/GNU Terry Pratchett)","So your saying we should have beat you faster? ","If you could have, you would have.\n[](/GNU Terry Pratchett)","THESE PLAYOFFS WILL CONTINUE TO BE ONE OF MY FAVOURITE IN RECENT MEMORY, CAN'T WAIT FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT WATCHING THE PENS AND CAPS.\n\nFUCK YA BOYS WEOOOOOOOO GO CAPS!","Proud of the boys! Hard fought final 3 games. Neuvy's a beast!","He looked better for you guys than he did for us for sure.  Cheers to some outstanding goaltending matchups going forward.","Witness that guy, already!","I'd argue game 3 was a shit show partly because of mason, but either way I figured they'd start Neuvirth for the series. It shocked me that they went with mason","Mason is our number 1, I don't know why that would be a surprise","Because Neuvirth's regular season stats were better across the board maybe? \n\nEdit: this is factual so we're clear. I was downvoted for facts?","He had a very good year, and Mason started out cold, got injured, then came back strong. Without Mason, the Flyers wouldn't have made the playoffs. It was excellent seeing Neuvirth do so well, but Mason is still the Flyers #1","I really don't understand how Neuvirth having better overall stats by a wide margin in both the regular season and the playoffs doesn't at least get him in the conversation for starter. What's the point in excelling if it doesn't matter and Steve is going to start just because he makes the number one goalie money?","He played very well from the mid-point on, and is one of the top 10 goalies in the league for the last three years in almost every stat, especially ev s%. Mason has earned it by body of work and by his finish to the season","Because we've been playing hockey for longer than the last year. \n\nMason has earned the job.","Arguably. Neuvirth is the more composed goalie for sure, but when Giroux, Simmonds, and Voracek are held to a combined 3pts over 6 games...that's not the recipe for a winning series.\n\nThe Caps still probably take the series, and it still probably never gets close, but the 4-1 and 6-1 games are probably a little closer.","[The Flyers play that game was..](https://media.giphy.com/media/ZQB0BrGtsnUYM/giphy.gif)","That bracket is what my life needed most.","thats not what history reflects.","Fuck history, that shit already happened.\n\nTime to write the future.","b...b...barry? trotzy is that you buddy?","I don't know who to root for in this series. You guys took out Filthy Philly and the Penguins took out the Rags. I like you both equally at this point in time!","the answer is Fuck the Pens","Man you guys get great service all the way out there on the back nine ","That... was really well said.","Damn, today is motivation Sunday, eh?","Well said :)","Could you knock the shit out of Crosby too? It would be much appreciated ","Nah.  Holtby's been amazing.  The only reason we were focusing on Neuvirth was that he was the only one playing **better** than Holtby.","After barely staying awake for CHI-STL I fucking slept through this game...","http://imgur.com/9LHiiPL","FUCK THE PENS!","A healthy dose of adversity will do this Caps squad a lot of good going forward. Coasting since mid-feb and winning the first three might have gotten them in a little lull.","#MEDIOCRE","I swear to god if Neuvirth Halak'd the Caps...","I was scared it was going to happen, to be honest.  I don't think my heart... or liver... could take that.","Seriously, get MDZ back in there and maybe see if Provorov is ready for the big time and we're rolling. A few years ago we pined about our awful defense, and the problems fixed themselves despite injuries and without a huge infusion of new talent (aside from Ghost). Oddly enough it's now our offense I worry about. I really hope Voracek's problems this year were injury related, because he's got an awfully big contract for a guy scoring 11 goals on the season.","I don't think any Flyers fan should be upset right now.  By all rights, we shouldn't of even made the playoffs.  And in the end, this was the beginning of a rebuild for them. the Flyers are a young team and you can see the pieces of a good team there, but the Caps are ready to win now and they're just the better team. But the Flyers fought hard til the last second and I'm proud of them.   Great season Flyers, and keep your head up Eastern Conference, we'll be the team to beat before you know it.","stealing this","#BAH GAWD!!","oh god the faded logo =(","Depends on where. The white people in Overbrook like myself do.","hell of a second half of the season. future looks bright, let's go flyers!","LET'S GO BOYS!!!","But there seems to be a good amount west of KOP.","That's West Philly like Key West is Miami.","In my defense, it has been a few years, and it's technically \"west\", albeit very far west.","I am closer to West Philly in Delco than KOP is","What a fucking season. FADE ME. I've got no shame in my squad. ","You're the real mvp ","How many times can I upvote this thread?","Bahahaha. Did you just become a Caps fan this year or something? The second round is historically prime choke territory for the Caps.","YOU SHUT YOUR FACE I HAVE HOPE AND I'M GOING TO CAUTIOUSLY HOLD ON TO THAT SHIT AS LONG AS I POSSIBLY CAN","CHOO CHOO MOTHERFUCKER HERE COMES THE PENS HYPE TRAIN ","[deleted]","its a photoshop of this gif:\n\nhttp://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/031/551/01d","I doubt it. Mason did great until he got himself injured","they are good this year, they can be great next year (barring injuries) and they have a chance to be top 10 in 2. calling it now.","RemindMe! 2 years \"Is our D great yet?\"","Woo!","Want to trade us a defenseman for Schmaltz or Teravainen? We might be open to such a trade.","We'll trade you macdonald for the used underwear of either of those guys","2020","Please stop this heartache... ","Seriously, he's got A-Mac playing as a top line defenseman and he doesn't even look that awful. Still want to dump him and his ridiculous contract, but what he's done with players like Ghost, Manning, and even Schultz has been amazing. Hell, Radko Gudas is scoring goals now. I'd like to see him get more out of top players like G and Voracek, but there might be more to that story (injuries). ","He would be fantastic with the lightning d core. We depend on him a ton but he would be so good as a role guy for a talented d group. ","#FADED ","I get flashback of Habs vs Bruins :P","Don't I know it. Just don't give your guy a $6m/yr contract like the Yotes did.","We've learned our lesson with expensive goalies. Still another ten years or so left on the bryz buyout payments","#IDKanyonebutthepenstho","Great to see the Caps move through. But I have to feel bad for Neuvirth. He played out of his mind the last three games.","he's got a bright future. I was so impressed with Neuvirth in this series","Thank god it stopped before going to 7.","Came here to say fuck the Pens","came here to say i agree and fuck the pens","Words cannot describe how much I hate the fucking penguins, since about 1990. ","Haters gonna hate; Penguins gonna... waddle?","you know what, i'm really fuckin proud of our team and we couldn't have had a better season. NEXT YEAR LOOK OUT","I am 100% ok with this leaking out of r/collegebasketball","It's the best high there is","Seriously, he stole two games.  \"Philly's team\" isn't responsible for a win where they had 11 shots, and their only non-EN goal came on an own goal by the caps. If Mason had played the whole serious the caps would have won game 4, 5, and 6 by wide margins (assuming for some reason the NHL let them play the series to 6-0 for no reason)","At least they have the Eagles ","Mike Milbury just said, \"I can't believe I'm saying this, but the Penguins are the better team right now.\" In response to who is better right now.\n\nHell has officially frozen over...","Milbury is such a tool; I think it's safe to say that at least all of Pennsylvania can agree with that, but even a broken clock is right twice a day.\n[](/GNU Terry Pratchett)","&gt; Milbury is such a tool;\n\nHe is. And I'm utterly shocked (and a bit worried) that he had anything good to say about the Penguins. I hope he's right, for a change.","You can expand that to most of hockey.","IKR? Then he said a bunch of other nice stuff about us. Felt so weird. I think he just jinxed us. ","[Papa Bless](http://i.imgur.com/2Qe6KXp.gif)","FADE! FADE! FADE!","You shouldn't beat yourself up as that is a hindsight thought. The Lightning felt like they were going to make a run (and hey, they made the finals!), so they traded an injured player for one who they could put on the ice.\n\nEven if you thought maybe Gudas can make a big stride, you still make the argument for that trade for the sole fact that a playing Coburn put your team closer to the Cup than an injured Gudas.","I expected him to be a decent 3rd pair guy when we got him, but he has far exceeded all of our expectations.  We need to get him signed this offseason.","Luckily he's an RFA coming off of one good year.  He's at $1.4M now and will stay below $2M.\n\nManning is an RFA and will stay well below $1M.","Yeah definitely.   We shouldn't have any issue signing Gudas, but we just need to get it done.\n\nI've always been a major Manning critic.   I didn't think he had what it takes to be in the NHL.   He proved me wrong this series, he played a very solid game.  ","Yeah Manning definitely impressed, plus I like rewarding guys who grind through the system. Sends a message","I'd easily give Gudas a 3x3","No. I'd give him a 2x3 though. Totally okay with keeping him long(ish) term, but $3M is too much for a guy who largely started as an aggravator. He showed a bit of scoring prowess this year, and definitely saw an upturn in quality of minutes, but it wasn't until the end of the season, and it was very inconsistent even then. I think he's worth $3M *right now*, but we need to see that he can keep that up to make it happen. This team falls in love with players too quickly I think.","Little high IMO.  Probably falls around the 2.5 mark.","As is tradition.","still scored more than he did","Hey in fairness Streit was legitimately elite tier in his prime.  Poor guy just needed to have that prime be 5-6 years later when the Islanders stopped wasting his career.","He was actually great for the Flyers his 1st 2 years ... then he broke his dick and wasnt the same.  He can barely skate anymore.","Oh I know.  I wanted him on the Devils at the time of the move too.","Exactly and this is one of our rebuild years. ","WHY IS EVERYBODY YELLING?","Should be rangers caps :(","No it shouldn't ","Lol ok dude. I just meant it because it's basically a spring time tradition. Went right over your head I guess. Great job getting it to a game 7 today man. ","It wasn't even close ","You both are just completely missing my point. Not saying the Rangers should have beaten the pens. Also, go Washington big time in the next round. Hope y'all get swept  ","Lol. Sure. Maybe you should explain better since two of us didn't get you ","For the second time, caps Rangers is a springtime tradition in the playoffs the past decade. That was my point, not that we actually should have beaten the Penguins. Again, lets go caps. ","Penguins fans have never been known for intelligence","Boy is that apparent ","Yup. We're all dumb and pretty here ","Hurrr durrr whuuuut? Durrr\n\n/s","Boo hoo. Wake up","Caps in 6 ","I can't do photoshop, but someone should do this with the Ed version of the flying P","*cough* Anaheim *cough* *cough*","Whoa man! I may be rooting for Caps West in the next round, but I ain't hating on our Boudreau Bros.","Hey, you're alive ","you don't know that","Are you sure? ","Are *you* sure?","Good point. You win this time.  ","until we meet again","Yep. ","Happy that Bäckströms journey to the cup continues!","I am now a caps fan, please fuck the pens, please. If you do, get the cup.","We didn't get Halak'd thanks to Holtby! Praise the Beast! ","Most people think Price is the best goalie in the league but I would take Holtby over him ten times out of ten.","I don't understand this new michael jordan meme, can someone explain that one to me","Not even mad. Have an upvote.","Please no Crying Jordan.","WHOS TALKING? MY FLAIR CAN'T SEE YOU!","Not going to bandwagon you dicks, but I'm rooting for the caps to beat the pens.\n\nThen I hope whoever comes out of the other series wipes the floor with Holtby's luscious beard.","Washington never fails to amaze me with their tenacity to not want to win elimination games. That only goal on Neuvy was chinsey at best.","It's spelled chintzy, FYI. \n\nJust missed the game - I was sure it started 3PM. Oh well :(","That was not a chinsy goal. It was crisp passing which got Neuvy out of position. Chinsy is the Flyers only goal on Holtby last game. ","Lmao r u high? That was a strong play to mojo from ovi and Backstrom snipes top cheese. How is that chinsy? ","One guy said if we (caps) were reverse swept he'd burn his house down. He must be happy right now. ","It's impressive they made it as far as they did, they're practically still in rebuild mode.","Um....I'd rather not either actually.","I think they'll keep Del Zotto around as well. ","Agreed, i was just saying of the defense core used down the stretch which is why it was very impressive how well the defense did.","Alright Caps go beat the Pens.","Rocking a fade like it's 1996?","He adjusted the D so well that we got better after MDZ, our #1, got hurt. By adding AMac. It's nuts. It's just a shame that pairing AMac with Ghost absolutely killed Ghost in every possible way, and stifled his production and his advanced stats.","Fucking fade me. Go caps. Fuck the Pens. ","What an honorable redditor.","The right result over the 6 games, but poor Neuvirth. He more than anyone else on those two teams just deserves to be in the second round. 2 goals conceded in 3 games with 105 shots on goal throughout them. Spare a thought for him.","fuckin Canada...","Sorry!\nSorry!\nSorry!","Caps vs. Pens will be interesting","[Yep](https://media.giphy.com/media/26tP0Sztn93QF0sWQ/giphy.gif)","Rivalry aside, this is gonna be one hell of a fucking series","Seriously. All these people saying Philly had a great series, and I'm sitting here thinking, \"Y'all must've just watched the highlights. Even those wins were about 95% Caps with a little dumb luck and brilliance from Neuvy.\"","Great season for the Flyers, and Philly really needed that. The rest of their teams are a mess. ","not the Union, first place at the moment... not that anyone cares though","We'll make them care!!","It's okay bb we luv u 2","&lt;3 u","Not even mad. Im happy we were able to at least make it a series. Great season","Woo!! Fuck the Flyers!","Fuck you too, guy!","Fuck ya! We earned the shit outta this fade! I'm keepin' it!","Yay!","The Flyers defense corps future is insanely bright.  Going into this year, Ghostbear was only our 3rd best prospect. Provorov will be up next year.  Sanheim the year after.\n\nDel Zotto\n\nGudas\n\nGostisbehere\n\nProvorov\n\nSanheim\n\nMorin\n\nHagg\n\nManning as a callup/7th\n","No doubt, and you forgot Philippe Myers","Let him prove it for another season before we consider him a legit prospect.","Zebz included Hagg who has done pretty awful in the AHL and Manning whos a 25 year old with the ceiling of a 3rd pairing guy.\n\nMyers had such a great year that Craig Button ranked him like 39th in best NHL affiliated prospects. Morin and Hagg werent ranked.\n\nim not saying Myers is some stud prospect, but if you are going to include Hagg and Manning, Myers 100% deserves to be in there as a wild card.","Not saying Manning is good but he's an NHL dman, if at minimum fringe. Hagg had a bad year in NA, he's shown he can play with men, and I'm sure he'll still develop. Hell, I'm more inclined to believe he'll develop at a higher chance than Morin. And Meyers has not been a scoring guy historically, so I'm fine naming him as a prospect but show me again before I lump him with the best.","Manning is a depth guy at best.  I wouldnt bother putting him with all the prospects and core guys as part of the \"bright\" future.  Hagg hasnt shown much since being drafted which is especially concerning since his best asset at the draft was him be able to hold his own with men at 18 years old.\n\nI think we can both agree there's a big drop off after Ghost, Provorov and Sanheim.  I just think Myers deserves to be in that group w/ Morin and Hagg as those wild cards that could become a good NHLer.","Konecny\n\nAube-Kubel\n\nLindblom\n\nFazleev\n\nLeier \n\nAll have a chance to see games over the next few years as well.","You and your nuts!","Sorry I just gotta keep guzzling nuts for my favorite team. ","We're just happy to be done with Flyers fans. Truly an awful bunch who shit talked so much after their 2 wins. If I came across a polite Flyers' fan even once, I wouldn't generalize them. Neuvy was goddamn amazing. Always has been a great goalie. Justin Williams was absolutely awful and Kuznetsov was too, but he doesn't have the playoff reputation that Williams does. For everyone who trashed Oshie before the playoffs, he ended up being one of the best performers. ","Heres a fun fact: saying things like this doesnt make you look any better.","I wouldn't have this opinion if not for my interactions with Flyers fans, even on my campus. At a certain point, I want to still say I know there are good people in the fanbase....there should be. Sorry, if you happen to be the Flyers fan I've been missing all these years. I know it's wrong to generalize but when I've had hundreds of interactions that speak otherwise, it gets harder to pretend a group of people is not delusional. It's not uncommon to make judgments on far less than that.\n\nEdit: And I'm not concerned how I appear to anyone here. I'm a Caps fan, played hockey my whole life, and loved hockey from my earliest memories. But I get called a bandwagoner all the time because I happen to be a Caps fan. There's nothing to be said that I haven't heard.","Aww someone disagrees with you on your choice of hockey team? What a shame, it must be those peoples fault that you picked the wrong team...","Stay classy","You're not wrong about Flyers fans in general. There is a reason you have the opinion you do, because all you ever meet are scumbag Flyers fans. \n\nDon't even bother going to a Caps game in Philly. It'll be he single worst experience of your life and your faith in humanity will nose dive. ","Stay classy","I'm not the problem, the Flyers fans are.  There is a reason that Flyers fans are universally despised.  It's because as a whole they take pride in acting like despicable human beings.\n\nWhen I see a fan from an opposing team who traveled out to support their guys I tell them I think that's great.  I don't treat them poorly, so yes I will continue to stay classy, because that's what a reasonable person does.\n\nI've been to Philly for Flyers games.  I've had what appeared to be 11 year old girls run up to me and tell me to go fuck myself because I was wearing a Malkin jersey.  ","I was at the Pens game yesterday afternoon and there were like 5 guys all together in full Rangers gear, one had a fake beard on... Just being totally belligerent.\n\nThey went up 1-0 and this dude was so obnoxious. Can you imagine if you were a Pens fan in Philly doing that? People would be sitting on you, dumping beer on you...\n\nPlenty of flyer fans here the last home game we played them and nothing crazy happened.\n\nNeedless to say those Ranger fans left after the second period to everyone waiving byeeeeeee","The rest of the league would like to thank Philly for softening up Washington for the rest of us.","rip ","Let's go caps! on a side note, Phillys tender is a fucking monster ","It's tough watching your families all have to leave town to find work in DC, we get it.\n\nedit:  I assume it's ok to be total dicks to one another now...","I only left the burgh for DC because surprisingly there aren't many international security options in Pittsburgh. ","Bettman must've told the refs he wanted OVI vs Crosby...smh, pathetic. ","With how much of a shitshow the officiating's been all gorram season long, I think maybe you need to re-evaluate your conspiracy theory.\n[](/GNU Terry Pratchett)","Not really sure why. They called us for a double minor when the flyers high sticked their own then immediately called a BS hooking penalty for effectively a 2 minute 5 on 3.","Yeah that high sticking call on Backstrom really proved your theory ","The Flyers are not good "," Language!!!","no cause for alarm here, none at all","Yes. Wagons are too full for my liking. ","Too true, there's no one I hate more (and I lived in the Devils/Flyers contested zone in South-Central Jersey)","thank god. no longer have to deal with Schenn and his shit anymore. Haven't seen a player that dirty in a long time","Thanks for all the pedaling. ","my ankle can finally rest now!","I'm torn between wanting the Caps to lose because schadenfreude and wanting the Pens to lose because draft pick.","I would definitely only want Gudas and Ghost, although Schultz showed some decent flashes this series. The other 3 are meh at best.","Is that the guy from Glee who OD'ed on coke?","You are correct","Honestly, we were supposed to finish with that 20% for Matthews and the fact that we even got to the playoffs and then actually won two games (beating the Kings, Wings, and Rangers) makes me a very proud fan. Thanks boys!","Why?  I thought we weren't worth being rivals with? ;)","Goddamned hipsters and their fade","UNCONSCIONABLE ","Well he lives in Florida","Im excited and worried","Thanks Kenny, back to you guys in the booth.","Milkchicken: The peasants' milksteak.  \nJust one level above milklentils, and I know some frugal jerks who won't even touch that rancid gobshite","Thought it'd go to 7 at the start. Looks like no bonus bracket points for me :(","Am a flyers fan but this is a solid burn. FADE ME FOR\nOUR SINS!","Excited for Pens vs Caps matchup.\n\nShould be a great series","Bye Philecia!  Great series, doe.","Mods being slow tonight.","Woo! ... :(","Ovenchicken vs Crosbitch.  \n\nDis gon b gud","Welcome to the fade club felluhs. Drinks and cyanide pills are in the back corner.","No cyanide for me. We actually have something to look forward to.","That's what they all say, but the void calls them all.","I'll take the drink, but I'll save the cyanide for later. Someone - either the caps or the Pens - is gonna get rekt in the next two weeks, and I want to see that.\n[](/GNU Terry Pratchett)","Can both teams lose next series please?","If that's Bettman's office, I can only imagine Pierre's","His office is Crosby and Ovi's lap.","Ayyyyy Beat the Pens!","Flames fans thought the same thing with Kari Ramo last year going to the 2nd round.\n\n","Fuck the Bruins!","In six months: \"When you have guys like Ghost and Provorov on the point...\"  Drool.","NO!","NEVER","Well the Flyers have a coach, Gordon I believe, that is specifically a powerplay coach so its more on him than Hak.","Isn't that Lapierre's job though?","He runs the pk. ","At some point you gotta score goals that aren't *ridiculously* lucky bounces, or empty nets. RIP Philly, you put up a solid fight. ","Silver linings is better than no stomach lining.... ","Ed would've been proud of those last three games. \r\n\nOn to the next one. ","Dude's Russian. That could be the correct spelling for all I know. ","No love for the Caps less love for the Flyers...good riddance.\n\nMaybe the Flyers can conduct some \"Don't Be An Asshat\" workshops over the summer for their fans. ","Seconded.","His office every day since the playoffs started.","Ovechtrick! Ovechtrick!","You made me laugh...\n\nbut *holy shit* do I **NOT** appreciate that visual!","ah well. We had a great year.\n\nI can take solace in the fact that ovi won't ever win a cup. Or the caps in general.\n\nGood luck in the rest of your playoffs guys."," Butt = hurt","Not even close. We were playing with house money. ","And you lost.","That's cool. We took 2 games off the top team with a roster that shouldn't have even been close to a playoff spot.\n\nI use top team lightly, the Washington holtbys is more like it.\n\nI'd say enjoy another 2nd round loss, but I'd rather see the pens lose, cause I know Washington will just lose the following round. \n\nAnother year, another no cup for ovechkin and the washing casual fan base ^_^","Damn, took you a while to get that posted. You really thought hard about those...insults..? If we can call them that. I'd suggest you take some more time and come up with something better, maybe something based on facts (like how the Caps dominated the past three games). Maybe use 3 to 4 extra hours, 12 to 21 times throughout the next 5 to 6 weeks and come up with a better catalogue of insults that I haven't heard thus far, since I know that the schedule is all cleared up.\n\nP.S. What's it like to have a team and fanbase that literally nobody likes or roots for outside of your awful city? Must be tough to try to get attention. Probably explains the outbursts and salt. ","Yea, sorry, I work. I don't get allowance from my parents ^_^.\n\nThere were no insults really. You tried really hard though to belittle me veiled insults yourself, to no avail.\n\nI'm glad you \"dominated\" a team who should've been a bottom team and is rebuilding. Your team needs the morale boost considering how poor of a franchise it is. With an even worse fan base with a permanent victim complex. :). Not to mention how absurdly casual you guys are too.\n\nThere are no outbursts or salt either. Man, you really are reaching deep in the straw box for this shit buddy. I'm expecting dank memes from you next.\n\nGood luck though, shame ovi and holtby are being wasted. ","C","A","K","E","CAKE! CAKE ! CAKE!","P","I","E","You ruined it. Hope we beat you this round.","On one hand this is a team that most people thought weren't gonna make the playoffs in the beginning of the year. And half way through no one believed in them. They gave the president trophy winners a good run. \n\nOn the other hand I want to fucking die. ","FUCK THE FLYERS (good series, though)","As a pens fan, I honestly think the flyers/caps games were more entertaining than our Rangers games. High tension.","There is only so much he could adjust with that.  Giroux and Jake were awful all series, and we had no offensive depth to bring in.  The scheme wasn't the issue and adjustments didn't change that.","Welcome to the land of the faded.","You have shine to fade, im not sure EDM qualifies for faded.","CAPS PENS ITS ON FUCKERS ","I have to give the Flyers credit for battling so hard this series. I really didn't think they would put up this much of a fight, especially once Couturier went down.  ","Tee-Hee.","YOUR LOVE IS FADED","You know what's super cool about living anywhere but DC? TWO SENATORS AT THE SAME TIME","Teams gather and now my clench begins. ","Kings, Flyers and Rangers are out. \n\nIf the Blues can just take the Hawks out now, I'll be a happy Devils fan regardless of who wins the Cup!","i think I've never enjoyed upvoting a thread more in my reddit life. Great series, Philly fans... this rivalry will be (has been?) renewed.","Do us a favor.  Shut the Pens down. ","Probably more riveting than the two guys from the Sonic commercials fan fic...","As a Pens fan even though Philly would have been an easier pushover in the second round I despise them so very much that I just like seeing them out of the playoffs entirely. At least with the Caps it will be a good series without Philly's trashy antics and disgraceful fan base. I think this will be the Crosby vs. Ovechkin series that will actually live up to the hype that the NHL was trying to build on the two superstars since they were drafted years ago.  Two great teams very deserving of each other.  Definitely looking forward to seeing some great hockey!","[Go fuck your mother](http://troll.me/images2/joe-pesci/what-are-you-doing-here-i-thought-i-told-you-to-go-fuck-your-mother-thumb.jpg)","I'll take my fade proudly, thank you very much. \n\nGood luck, Caps. Pulling for you hard to beat the shit of the Penguins! ","IF FLYERS FANS YELL \"FUCK THE PENS\" THEY'RE CHEERING FOR THE CAPS THROUGH THE TRANSITIVE PROPERTY, WE'LL TAKE IT\n\nGREAT SERIES AND A GREAT YOUNG TEAM TO BE EXCITED ABOUT FOR THE COMING SEASON. GHOST WILL BE SCARY GOOD.","How about that Caps goalie farm system?","How about Mitch Korn.","It's OK. I guess...","Bahahaha HAHAHHAHAHA. I mean I'm sorry guys better luck next year?  ","You have to put your best players out and hope the percentages improve to the mean. There really wasn't much he could do or players he could change to improve it. The Caps had the perfect PK for it with immediate and 2-man pressure. The 2nd unit fared no better. G, Mason, Jake, and Ghost are all hurt. 3/5 of your 1st PP unit were severely hampered. G has some wrist or hand something, he can't shoot, take FO's or pass well, and Jake can't shoot or move well and Ghost has some lower body something based on his movement. It'll be better next year and be corrected and who knows if there's someone they may add.","Wow you cheered your own team, congrats. ","While I still like your team, all this series has done is make me HATE Washington Capitals fans.","Good. Fuck Philly. ","Your team deserves so much more than fans like you :)","Okay bro","i don't want to upvote you, but i feel that i must","Three reverse hits and three goals in one game?","Didn't Ovi already speak English pretty well when he came over?  Malkin barely spoke any at all.","\"I am score.\" - Evgeni Malkin","I seem to recall Ovechkin's English was atrocious when he first arrived.","Maybe. But atrocious English is better than no English.","You'd think so, but it seems that rooting for a team is instinctive and you just kind of do it for random teams. ","Caps vs. Pens is basically the SCFs.\n\nEDIT: Turns out an entire conference dislikes when you discount them offhandedly. \n\nSuck it anyway Hawks fans, Blues fans, Sharks fans, Wild fans, Ducks fans, Stars fans, and like all three of you Preds fans.\n\nAnd for good measure, Lightning fans and Islanders fans. \n\nFlorida fans, you have no chance, so you have my sympathies.","Buahahahahahahahaha\n\nEDIT: That's laughter, not dislike.  Also, stop fucking crying already.","Umm yeah Okay no..... Just take it seven games.","It absolutely looks like the East representative will be chosen out of this series. Unless some Western teams get bounced then it might not be that simple.","[CRUSH THEM.](https://streamable.com/ce5d)","Bring on the Crying Jordan faces.","Caps upvote parrttttaaayyyyyy!!!!!","Shitburg about to get a reality fucking check.","He didn't adjust the power play at all though and it may have cost us. I'm not sure why he didn't change it up. ","That isn't true, the top unit absolutely made adjustments throughout the series.  They ran a few different schemes, but all of them failed.   It wasn't the scheme, it was the players.","Because the majority of the dudes on this PP have formed one of the most effective units of the past five years and they didn't suddenly lose their talent overnight. Smart money is on guys like Giroux and Simmonds getting back in gear on the PP over time, they just happened to hit their funk at the worst possible 10-15 game stretch","I think you get Mario out of that ","Couldn't agree more with this. There were a ton of question marks coming into the year when Hextall picked Hackstol of how he would adjust to the pro game....post all star break doesn't look like it took long. Flyers over achieved just by making the playoffs. Great season, still need to get a true scorer, but future looks great. \n\n\nAlso fuck read / umberger / Andrew McDonald. ","That's what Hak does.. He was always a strong second half coach ","Seriously, what happened to Matt Read? He went from being a solid 3rd liner to basically absent in one year, and then he just stayed there. Umberger is just a bum, and MacDonald is just on an inexplicably large contract (seriously, [how did that happen?](http://www.lighthousehockey.com/2014/1/24/5342518/new-york-islanders-player-usage-chart-calvin-de-haan-bubble), we had warning he was no good.)","[The perfect song for this GIF](https://youtu.be/YPPzcXCCPeU?t=25). ","[SHUTOUT!](http://i.imgur.com/xHgrToN.gif) ","TIME TO EXERCISE MORE DEMONS BOYS. BRING ON THE PENS","As a Red Wings fan living in the DC 'burbs, I approve of my adopted hometown team's second round matchup against the Pens. Gonna ride this bandwagon all the way, baby!","AND NOW THEIR WATCH HAS ENDED","until tonight! so hyped","It was also just announced that the Pens will be mopping the floor with the Caps in the 2nd round. ","###THE DEMONS HAVE BEEN EXPUNGED","Not gonna lie, stress free playoffs is pretty great. \n\nShit, most of the season was stress free for me. ","Every team that wins the President's Trophy: https://imgur.com/6oouFU1.png","Caps train full steam ahead!","You will try.. :D","Swiggity swooty","Ogres don't speak English very well","What a season! We took the best team in the league 6 games without Coots and with Giroux and Voracek playing hurt. Proud as hell!\n\nGood luck, Caps!","Don't forget about del Zotto being out, forcing MacDonald into the lineup. ","The way Neuvirth played was surprising. I think I heard he had only allowed 1 goal in 75 shots the past two games (G4 &amp; G5), and only 1 goal today on 29 shots. That's impressive.","LG penguins","Good sport. We are going to dominate next year and maybe generate some shots. So look out league ","where is this from?\n","Godzilla 2014","Definitely worth watching if you can slap it on the biggest TV in the house.","Get a huge sound system, too. ","Just be prepared to laugh at a few times you aren't supposed to.","Pens-Caps is going to be a great series.","You know what I'm actually happy we managed to make it this far with our team currently rebuilding. Gives me hope of better future seasons.","You guys put up a bigger fight than we expected.  You have a bright future in some of your guys.  For what it's worth I'll always take the Flyers over the OTHER Pennsylvania team.","Hey thanks man and do me and the rest of Philly a favor and kick that other teams ass!","Calgary has some advice for you....","Yes, those are all of the similarities! Well done.","Pretty similar, but I'd say the big differences are\n\n1) Hammond vs. Ghost. Both AHL call ups that made all the difference in turning the season around. A standout goalie is a highly volatile entity (Hammond went for 0.914 this year), but we can only expect Ghost to get better from here.\n\n2) Midseason coaching change vs. new coach from the start. The coaching change clearly meant more for the Sens run to the playoffs.\n\n3) The Sens deserved their \"comeback\" wins in games 4 and 5, while the Flyers squeezed by despite playing horribly due to the uncharacteristic play of an amazing goaltender and a bit of luck.\n\nBut yeah that's a really good observation. You could actually call points 1 and 2 eery similarities. Clearly one recipe for success if you're a struggling mediocre team is to get a new coach and take a chance on some standout AHL call ups.","It's been a few years for me since we exited so early but... it's kind of refreshing in a weird way. Sad, but also refreshing.\n\nThough I'm less hopeful about the future so there's also the sense of impending doom, but I can push that off until after the SCF at least. Probably.","Let's go Caps, beat the Pens!","Im just happy we didnt get swept.","lmao","Sid does have a really nice one..","Philly lasted a lot longer than I thought they would after game 3. Neuvirth was the main reason, but they really smartened up their play as well. You all fought to make the playoffs, and made the Caps work for it. ","I wish we had a coach who made logical adjustments.","welcome to the club!","People from Philadelphia &amp; Washington will only ever shake hands on something if it involves fucking Pittsburgh over. Or high-fiving when making jokes about Delaware or Baltimore.","I'd be sad that we lost him, but, well, we just won a national championship. Hopefully it works out well for all parties. ","Hats off to the Flyers.\n\nYou guys didn't make it easy and Neuvirth showed a glimpse of what he's capable of.","Its nice having the best goalie tandem in the league. Now to build an offense","You could also argue Anaheim but you are up there.","They have an infinitely better D core then us. Schultz is playing top minutes for us and he wouldnt even make their bottom 6","In the same game!","Just cuz it's badass and was super exciting [Dueling Hat Tricks](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qun0jtArMa8)","BEST GAME I HAVE EVER BEEN TO.","Wow. That felt like forever ago. ","I mean it *was* 7 years ago...","Some incredible saves by both goalies too","Its ok Philly We'll get revenge for you ","I'd rather you lose.  ","Aww, love you too.","Salty flyers","Why would I ever root for our top rival?","I think it's just the Flyers and the Penguins hate each other more ","No, we just hate crosby. At least ovechkin can shoot AND take a hit without crying to the refs that someone touched him.","I love how Ovi doesn't have a reputation of whining. All the talk of whether he's a winner or not is one thing, but it's awesome that at least nobody talks about him being a poor sport.","I enjoy that ovinis a real hockey player, unlike Crysby.","It's not 2005. Get over your whining excuses","Its every year, not just 05 he does this","sure. keep telling yourself that.","well that wont happen so just cheer for us while we get the cup ","Holy shit, that was a close one, eh Caps?","Almost as close as your series. Almost.",")))))","Both teams helped each other get into their playoffs as well.","I love you baby","Get Ovi his cup pls. ","Let's us watch unclinched. 😭😭","Holy fuck, Neuvy. Kid was absolutely unreal. I've got a lot of problems with the Flyers, but the way they played in those last five minutes was scary as hell. Great job by the Flyers getting into the playoffs and making my life hell for a few days","The only Caps jersey I have has Neuvy's name on it. \n\nI was heartbroken when he was traded.","lol didn't you lose to the Rangers three times in a month?","Didn't you lose to the flyers for like an entire year?","Hey, even 76ers get lucky sometimes.","They had 11 more wins then your basketball team had ","You guys dont even have 11 wins, sadly enough.","Who the fuck actually is offended by the joke that is the 76ers","If you think taunting us over our horrible basketball team will get you anywhere, you're very mistaken. We say worse shit about them than anyone.","Haha, no. My comment was suggesting that the Flyers got lucky and that even the worst sports franchises can win a few select games. ","WE HAVE BEEN AVENGED! THANK YOU CAPITALS!!! :D\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enSYlCEz5VI","You guys screwed yourself. Not our fault. ","Hey good series Caps. You were far and away the better team.  Please go sweep the Pens ","It was a great series. The Flyers fought back with intensity that can only be appreciated.","Remember...they have to come to us.\n\nLike last time.\n\nWhen...never mind...","Awww yeah!  I was at the game yesterday.  So fun to be there for wins this season. ","LMFAO","ive never actually heard about this. is there anymore to the story?","[Here's an article from 2009.](http://espn.go.com/nhl/news/story?id=3830831) ","What a day to be a caps fan! We eliminate the Flyers and a Flyers fan insults the Pens and Rangers in one comment. ",":(","Woo. ☹️","Been watching the Caps for about 8 years now.  They can finally play defense and win out in tough 1-0 games in the playoffs.  It's a very good sign.","Is this where I come to be faded? ","How u gonna poop","i'm just gonna have to wait til after the playoffs.","All together now, C","U","FADE THOSE FLAIRS!","That was an entertaining series to say the least!","Screwed by the refs once again!!","Sigh.","As a Pens fan I will still root for the Union until the day the Riverhounds become an MLS team.","The MLS is expanding, so maybe a new rivalry will appear soon?","Only difference is we are further along in our rebuild. I am optimistic that in 2 years we should be in much better shape than the sens are now. ","1980 with the Phillies winning the World Series and the Eagles playing in the Superbowl is likely the closest to that we'll ever see","I can totally see the flyers and Phillies in the championship while the Eagles make the playoffs","Okay Caps. \n\nFuck up the Pens please. ","Super fuckin proud of this team, I went to hoping for patrik laine to hoping for a game 7. With provorov and konecny coming up next year, that'll add some skill, because we definitely have the heart and the grinding type players \n\nOn the other hand, kind of disappointed with our top guys this series, especially giroux. Hopefully they can use this series as motivation for next year, when we're a better team, and actually show up.","He looks like he's having a stroke","Really? I'm just gonna avoid that series altogether and then cheer for whoever the winner ends up playing. Lol ","Ranger fan checking in.....so are we. ","&gt;HERE WE COME SHITSBURG\n\nFTFY\n","C'mon! It's Shitsburgh.","Snap. Dude might need some aloe vera. ","Here is some hope Capitals fans: Since 2004 the team that has eliminated the Philadelphia Flyers from the playoffs have gone onto win the Stanley Cup or atleast make the cup final with the expcetion of Buffalo in 2006 who made it to the ECF","Whoa... I would really love to cling to this stat","&gt;At least make the Final\n\nBecause the kings and hawks winning the cup far too frequently is pissing everyone off. ","We're like the good luck chuck of the NHL.","great season guys. we're only gonna get better from this point. see you next year. go flyers","You're bound to face a lot of cramping!  Keep your electrolytes balanced and drink a lot of water!\n\n","This is not DC's first rodeo.  ","Except the Eagles too","What? Crosby/Ovechkin has been one of the most interesting, satisfying rivalries in all of sports for the past decade. Ever since they played their rookie seasons in the same year, they've been constantly compared and contrasted. Their different styles, nationalities, career arcs makes it an absolutely fascinating look at two players who have defined this era of hockey for ten years. If  Crosby/Ovechkin is like Larry/Magic then Malkin/Ovechkin is like McHale/Magic. I mean think back to their last playoff meeting in 09! An absolute classic with Sid and Ovechkin going back and forth with all-time performances. How could Malkin/Ovi the better or more interesting rivalry here? In what world?","In the world that they have a background together off the ice. Crosby and Ovechkin are only a thing because they are both great players. Malkin and Ovechkin have history off the ice, teammates, roommates, had a falling out, they have legitimately hated each other, not just been opponents on the ice. Their play styles are similar and it is fun seeing them go back and forth yelling at each other in Russian.","Why not root for us all the way so you can say you were beaten by the champs if we win all the way?","Because that doesn't matter to me at all and I didn't enjoy your fanbase and team this series. Our team really didn't look good enough to beat anyone this postseason. I just want the penguins to not win the cup, and then for your team not to. Sorry, I'm a spiteful bastard.","Congrats to the Capitals. Now you're in the second round. Also known as your prime choke territory.\n\nAre you sweating yet, Caps bandwagon?","No. ","They were sweating after game 5.","we took the pres cup winning team to six games with a non existent top line in a rebuilding year. I'm okay with this. good series. fuck the pens, fuck the caps, fade my flair. I'm out","i cant wait to see a game 7 between you and the pens. i bet it never ends","Dear god that could go past the Easter epic. I might die","I did that last year for Chicago, and then they disappointed me by winning the Cup.\n\nCareful what you wish for.","I'm so fucking happy. I'm crying. That was a beautiful win.  ","more like shittsburgh, mirite?","Flyers would have lost to the Rangers ","You gotta relax man, you're gonna develop prostatitis that way. ","Thank God,  I didn't want my bandwagon hopping to go to waste.","You just keep Lemmywinks good n fed now, y'hear?","Fuck your reverse sweep!","And that whole time that they hated each other and Ovi punched Malkin's agent in a club in Russia.","Probably not the Eagles either, tbh","They've got more potential than the Sixers. Three years is a long time. ","need a QB to win the Super Bowl. Sam Bradford doesn't count.","Hence the trade to get Carson Wentz. He's a big iff. But in three years he will be as NFL ready as he will ever be. \n\nAlso look at the Broncos. You don't need a QB to win a Super Bowl. Peyton Manning would have been benched during the playoffs if it wasn't for his legacy. ","Yes, you just need a historically amazing defense if you want to get by without a good QB. Also Peyton's contributions can't entirely be shrugged off because he can still read a defense like nobody else. Even if he can't make all the throws any more he was still be a huge help. Once he was asked to manage the offense instead of actually try and win games (which basically didn't happen until the playoffs) he did fine. Lean on your incredible defense, build up the run game, Peyton reading the opposing defense. There are worse ways to run a football team.","Hooray for making it through the first round for the Caps!","WE WELCOME YOU WASINGTON","And the Western Conference. **FUCK THE PENS!!!**","HOLTBAE &lt;3",";(","So now we need Kane and Toews vs Benn and Seguin","On the golf course.","What he said","Maybe if you'd shown up in the regular season you could have.","Getting the 8th seed in a rebuild year is totally unacceptable, I agree. This team should've won the President's Trophy, obviously. Bunch of fucking bums.","At least you've come to terms with it.","Don't worry, next time we'll be terrible for a long time and tank hard enough to get the #1, #2, and #1 picks for 3 straight years. Because if our rebuild was unacceptable, the only acceptable way must be to mimic the Pens.","Well you've already been bad for a long time. Might as well do SOMETHING.","Preach brother.  Mine has been clenched every spring since 1992.  I listened to them drop a 3-1 lead on the radio because my house didn't pay for HTS.  \n\nRadio!","Now here's a campaign I can get behind!","are there any good protologists in the d.c. area?","Gary Bettman is crying tears of joy for the Crosby vs. Ovechkin matchup","Penguins in 6","How could you ","Nah fuck the pens, go caps. Take it in 5","Fuck you pal.","You. I like you. That's what l'm hoping for since it would be on home ice. ","*PITTSBURGH","Reddit formatting turns any number followed by a period into a numbered list fyi ","I can easily see them improving and taking a higher seed next year. They're going to be scary with Ghostbear's sophmore year in line.","Provorov is supposed to be better than Ghost. Now that is terrifying. ","I would imagine Provorov and Konecny both make the roster next year. It'd be a gigantic waste to send them back to junior. The former may be the best defenseman on the squad immediately while the latter will provide some offensive pop, which this team needs.","Good luck bud. I'm a Ranger fan. And obviously your Caps are much better than we were this year, but still... The Penguins are going to stress you the fuck out.","yesh. I am terrified but also excited but also still terrified.","I'm excited ;)","Those dozen or so Philly bandwagoners gotta be pissed. ","Calling it, whoever wins this round wins the cup.","FUCK THE pens","Amen.","Was expecting this flair months ago, but instead we rope-a-doped our way to a six game playoff series! WITNESS ME!","Against the Capitals, mind you. Extra impressive ","WITNESS","How are you liking your fade?","RemindMe! 14 days \"how is your fade now bitch\"","I will be messaging you on [**2016-05-08 19:17:34 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2016-05-08 19:17:34 UTC To Local Time) to remind you of [**this link.**](https://www.reddit.com/r/hockey/comments/4g9f0f/the_philadelphia_flyers_are_eliminated_in_6_games/d2fn1lh)\n\n[**2 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=[https://www.reddit.com/r/hockey/comments/4g9f0f/the_philadelphia_flyers_are_eliminated_in_6_games/d2fn1lh]%0A%0ARemindMe!  14 days ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.\n\n^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Delete Comment&amp;message=Delete! d2fn3ej)\n\n_____\n\n|[^([FAQs])](http://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/24duzp/remindmebot_info/)|[^([Custom])](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=[LINK INSIDE SQUARE BRACKETS else default to FAQs]%0A%0ANOTE: Don't forget to add the time options after the command.%0A%0ARemindMe!)|[^([Your Reminders])](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=List Of Reminders&amp;message=MyReminders!)|[^([Feedback])](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBotWrangler&amp;subject=Feedback)|[^([Code])](https://github.com/SIlver--/remindmebot-reddit)\n|-|-|-|-|-|","Its not too bad. Youll get to find out in 4 games.","This is nice, I really like this","He better start putting on tapes of the 2013 ECF to get a preview of what's about to happen.","https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=749OU6n-aV4","Perrier must have a huge clue right now.","Congrats to the Caps.  The upside is we don't have to watch our offense limp through the post season anymore.  Defense and goaltending played valiantly, but that offense was atrocious ","Oh fuck, hopefully we can see more Ovi Magic against the Pens.","RIP in pepperoni King Henry","Round 2 is going to be fun! ;)","Completely.","Until Wednesday, then they're going to be tighter than James Brown's rhythm section.","Pretty great year for the Flyers, all things considered.  Probably a year ahead of where most people thought they could be.\n\nAnd I thought it was cool how they did one of those \"Make-A-Wish\" things and let a homeless guy play for them in #93.\n\n","They let him play the whole series. Such class. Unfortunately Voracek himself couldn't be there to play well. :c","Will be interesting to hear about injuries b/c both him and G didn't seem healthy.\n\n","Sounds like Jake still had issues with the foot... and yeah I'm definitely waiting on the reveal of G's injury. Very confusing for him to be that invisible.","Who needs the H?","[A tradition like no other](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-8quXGCTM5qs/VR1saclZa5I/AAAAAAAABDY/fvKbr8QtIiE/s1600/Golf%2BBag.png)","Well, Flyers fans got a lot of free swag out of this so there's that.","Nah, we threw it all on the ice, remember?","So generous. Giving it all away to charity!","i can uses capslock again\n\nFUCK THE PENS","Agreed, although I think we need serious help at forward.","Here's hoping for a good series between our teams. I've been waiting for our matchup since the regular season ended.","What a crap year for Philly sports","We both made it past the first round. What do I do with my hands?","I really hope that this leads to less Mason and more Neuvirth next season. Mason is not a franchise goalie and we need to try something else.","Neuvirth put on one hell of a show. I was so impressed. Also you can see his eyebrows from the nosebleeds, I bet.","As you should be. Great series by your team","Is Kuz playing? He seems to be missing from the score sheet.","Wait, no dude. They're the cunts and we're the dicks. You know, so we can fuck them but they can't fuck us. \n\nRight? Or something?","Too late!  We're going in raw!","FADE ME","You mean the +100 pt regular season team that has made it to the conference finals in the in 3 of the past 4 years and have ridiculous amounts of veteran playoff experience as well as arguably the best goalie in the NHL? Yeah those guys are just chumps huh....\n\nEdit: downvoted for stating facts and not a single rebuttal. Classic Reddit haha.","Because it was pretty clearly a joke. ","Is it? hard to tell cause flyers fan.","Jesus, you're insufferable.","Flair up","Chill out, It's the internet. They're a rival with no love lost between the two. Don't get so upset with harmless shit that people say about a damn sport.","If that's the case St Louis fans asshole must be clenched so hard they created a black hole, or if we put coal there we could create diamonds. ","I HAVENT CRAPPED IN 4 DAYS","I hope you guys win I have you guys going against capitals in my braket. ","to be fair you would have lost vs NYR too ","Dont be a butt, Theres making a joke then there's you.","FEELS GREAT","Dude, we lit up both you and the Caps for about the same amount of goals at the end of the year...","&gt; Dude, we lit up both you and the Caps for about the same amount of goals at the end of the year...\n\nshut up drakengard, you're just angry that penguins can't fly.\n\n","Dammit.  #sorespot","And you can't win cups, so I guess you have to be content with something.","and game up one less????  Scoring a bunch of goals doesn't mean much if you give up just as many.","Lol what you were talking about yesterday ","lol","As a Caps fan, I think Neuvirth may deserve the MVP of this series. He's a damn great goalie.","As a Flyers fan i have to admit, the Caps have a better chance than them at beating the Pens. That's what I'm rooting for at this point. \n\nI'll be a Caps fan in the next series! ","Bring. It. On.","Haha flyers. Go Pens!","I hate both of these teams but if one had to lose, I'm glad it was that one. ","oh man, me too, i cant rock Caps flair as well but I'm a long-suffering Caps fan(whose only solace was Detroit's excellence)  \nNow its the opposite...","You know what dicks do to cunts right?! They fuck them!","You know what cunts do to dicks, right? They say \"no, no!\" and leave them to sweat in their own blueballs misery.","Are we condoning rape, then?  I need to think about this...  ","The Philly fans gave a standing ovation to their team when it was all over. I know it's trendy to give crap to flyer fans, but that was good form.","Never noticed how much better ovi is at English then Geno. ","Someone's gotta have bruised ribs at least","The fire power in this upcoming series is absurd","Came into this season wondering if this team would even be competitive; can't put into words how proud of them I am for battling into the playoffs and grinding it out to Game 6 against the President's Trophy winners.\n\nSee you next year, Flyers; can't wait.","Future looks bright ","https://imgur.com/xLoSWj3","50th is next year jackass","I'm tagging this so I can PM them next year when we win the Cup and shame them. ","But how will you win when its not 1975?","It'll still work next year","Pittsburgh, fanless before '05","[The big man would disagree](http://www.penguins-hockey-cards.com/players/mario_lemieux_680.jpg)","I'm sure they had no fans for the Lemieux era. Not to mention back to back cups in 91 and 92.","1975","Your captain still looks like a chomo with that crustache. ","God doesn't give with both hands, man.","Your team hasn't won a cup since 1975","your team almost moved.\n\ntwice","Claude Giroux had one point in the playoffs!!!!! AHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ONE FUCKING POINT","enjoy it while you can. your window is closing\n\nours is starting to open","Lol you're a fringe playoff team. And don't tell me about your prospects. Nobody gives a fuck about your prospects. In the meantime: Claude Giroux had ONE POINT IN THE PLAYOFFS HAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA","great rebuttal, never seen that one before. \n\nyour going to get crushed by the caps","Didn't have the mental capacity to get both your chirps in a single reply? Typical Pens fan.","Have you ever seen the flyers win the cup? Clap! Clap! Have you ever seen the flyers win the cup? Clap! Clap! You've done a lot of crying, but unless you're close to dying', then you've never seen the flyers win the cup! Clap! Clap!","I like how this began as a light chirp at Crosby's kadiddler and you dove straight for the tired bullshit \"durr durr 1975.\" \n\nNote, nobody is mentioning facts about scoring over the past certain number of years, because that's also tired. \n\nFuck you, fuck your team, fuck your rat-faced sniveling bitch of a captain. Have a great day. ","You've done a lot of cryin', but unless you're close to dying', then you've never seen the flyers win the cup! Clap! Clap!","*YAWN*","How many goals did your captain have in the playoffs??","Flyers: disappointment since 1975!!!!","As many as the Hawks too! Don't forget about us!","Psst they didn't even get to 6","Awwwe snap!","One of us! One of us! One of us! ","Seriously. I had already made peace with the reverse sweep.","At last! The last few games have given me heart problems. And the strongest feeling now is relief. This season has fucked me up mentally. I guess that both me and the caps had to be put down back on earth.","Still going to be clenching for the series with Crosby","I'm betting G, Jake, Whitey and Mase need surgery","FUCK THE PENS ","#YEAH WHAT HE SAID","Great series Flyers, you proved a ton of naysayers wrong. ","If he wasn't injured, he was mentally and physically drained from what amounted to basically a month of playoff-stakes hockey on a *harder* schedule (back-to-backs with no backup relief) than the playoffs. He played well the first game, but honestly the rest looked like mental gaffs. Soft goals all around, and he seemed drained.","Yeah, but come on. He's hurt. He wasn't moving nearly the same as before, couldn't react. If he's not hurt, I'm more worried.","Then honestly I blame him for not taking himself out. I love Mason but be was not good in games 2 and 3. ","NOBODY IS GETTING OFF THIS WAGON!!","This is a great weekend so far.","Except the Pens look so good. This I cannot abide.\n\nBest if you give a good showing but let the Caps finish you in 5 or 6","We refuse","Where are all the Caps fans that were ready to forfeit the series after game 5?","Busily not watching regular season hockey per usual.","^^ This guy gets it.\n[](/GNU Terry Pratchett)","Recovering from our heart attacks","Probably still trying to find the channel the game is on","Getting ready for Game 7 on Wednesday","I thought for sure the bad high stick call (his nose bled a LOT) and 4 minute penalty, followed by a second crap 2 minute penalty was going to create a 1:1 situation. But nope!","Can't wait to see how bad the Rangers fans feel after the penguins get swept","lol that's not going to happen","How'd the Bruins do in their first round series?","remember when you guys scored 2 goals in 4 playoff games","Ya and we have the same number of Stanley Cups that year too.","Considering we were all over them in the regular season I assume the series will at least be a close one","As long as you don't play fluery it will be","Hurr-durr DAE Fleury sux in playoffs amirite??!!?? Get that shit out of my face bro ","Yes, the Caps who just took 6 games to beat the flyers with a backup goalie are going to sweep a Pens team that just averaged 4.2 goals a game.","*Cracks knuckles, rolls neck*\n\nAlright, let's fucking do this.","&gt; Bring it, you  \n-cunts.  \n  \nwhy u gotta insult urself bro?","Easy there, faded flair\n","fuck off","Go back to the golf course where you belong","When the flyers defensive prospects make the jump. Philly is going to be a very scary team","He was pretty consistent the entire season.  Seems his weakness is being fragile.","His only regret is that he had boneitis","Fuck, I had the Flyers memeing their way to the Stanley Cup. \n\nSince Snider died, I thought it would only be fitting that the Flyers would be 'inspired' enough to win it all. That and Neuvirth was playing beyond his abilities, was seeing the second coming of JS Giguere. ","[removed]","What does that even mean? ","tried to come up with a joke to back him up but i... i got nothin","This team was in tatters by the time we reached the playoffs and it's an absolute miracle that we pushed it to 6. ","So much poo has been released. Tightening will be back Wednesday. ","Hell of a series, Flyers fought back and nearly forced a game 7, when no one gave them a chance. Congrats Washington","I'm proud of the guys, nobody thought that we would even be a a playoff team at the start of the season.\n\nThat being said, FUCK.","After he was shaken up, he did terrible essentially sealing games 2 and 3 for the Caps. A Neuvirth series would absolutely have been a different series. \n\nNo sweat though, Flyers did great. ","FUCK THAT, WE'RE NOT AFRAID OF CHOKEVECHKIN","Ah you see, this doesn't phase us anymore. ","We come bearing more gifts than ovechkin.","NOOT NOOT MOTHERFUCKERS","The hero we deserve.\n\n\n[](/GNU Terry Pratchett)","Great series. Should have ended in 5 though lol. Good luck in the offseason Flyers you guys had a great season keep your heads up.","WHAT A FUCKING GAME","Niceeeee","Yuuup. If he'd played like that for us, imagine how different the world would be today.","Holtby is stellar though.","[MRW when our season is over, but we weren't supposed to make the playoffs, but did. Were supposed to be swept, but fought back to take 2 games. We had a rookie put on a Calder Trophy performance and as much as 5 prospects on their way up to join him. We realized we have 2 #1 goaltenders. And a rookie coach proved he's ready to coach in the NHL.](https://49.media.tumblr.com/281f36ce55b11de30793fb1d667d62b4/tumblr_nom8fvTrO11tdce71o1_250.gif)","Does he have to be a nazi lol","He's a british spy in a nazi uniform :). if you haven't seen it watch Inglorious Bastards. Quinten Tarantino, Bradd Pitt, Christoph Waltz, Michael Fassbender. Great Film.","Ahhhh, seen the movie, didn't recognize the scene though","Or just game 3"," http://i.imgur.com/yIMQIJJ.jpg ","Flair up you nancy","Bruins fans holding our spots in the 4some these past few weeks huh","You guys faced Hank who sucked ass for whatever reason, and we faced Holtby who is literally a god.  Your shit talking has been graded a 2/10.","&gt; for whatever reason\n\nI mean there was a reason...","It wasn't that the Pens were good, if that's what you're referring to.  He looked outclassed for most of those games, which isn't like him.  I would even say that most of the goals scored on him were weak as hell.\n\nEdit for clarity of first 7 words: The Pens performance had nothing to do with Hank's poor performance.","\"The fact that you scored a bunch of goals has nothing to do with the opposing goalie surrendering a bunch of goals.\"","Gooood.... Gooooooood... \n\nhttp://imgur.com/xbKUNBU.png","Am I the only one who thought this was about the least competitive 6 game series ever?  Holtby allowed 5 goals in 6 games, Caps drastically outshot the Flyers.  Game 6 would have been even less competitive if not for a phantom 5 on 3 on the strength of two bad calls.  Philly stole a game they were outshot 44-11.  \n\nI was at game 5 on Friday and despite the loss I walked out fully confident we had the series locked in 6.  They needed Justin Williams to lose his mind and Neuvy to play the game of his life to stay alive in game 5.","Neuvirth stole**","You're probably not. Just the fact that it went to 6 games is not great for the Caps. Seriously, if they had problems with the Flyers I'm worried they are stuck in second round purgatory. \n\nI'd like to see them beat the pens however. Cause fuck the pens. ","/r/penguins upvote party","Thx 4 thx","I can't believe the number 1 and 2 team  in the east are playing each others so sad.","[deleted]","Or you could look at it like Holtby only allowed 5 goals in 6 games. So the pens should be aware of that.","Yeah Holtby is a fucking beast. Pens will be in for a rough awakening next series ","[deleted]","also night and day defensively....pens gave up 3 goals in the third playing against the caps with no real incentive to win...so i'm not sure you're comparison works....also the rags looked terrible the second half of the season, so they aren't a good judge...we'll see how it goes on the ice this week.","I would say that New York team you got and the caps are night and day defensive teams as well.","Oh I know. Pens have easily the best performing offense in the playoffs so far, but lightning might not strike twice. Pens embarrassed Lundqvist and the rags but the Caps are a better team.","[deleted]","The Pens are on fire but to say that you don't think there's a team that stop them is a bit overconfident. The Rangers are renowned for pathetic playoff collapses, and the defense the Pens faced in this series was night and day compared to the Caps.\n\nI expect a very close, hard-fought series, with no real expectation with respect to which team will win, though obviously I'm cheering for and biased towards thinking the Caps will take it.","&gt; The Rangers are renowned for pathetic playoff collapses\n\nAnd yet...Washington.","I like the way we look too, but let's not over-hype it.\n\nNot that long ago, we were 1-1 with the Rangers and Pens fans were preparing for doomsday. Momentum can change at any time in Stanley Cup playoffs. The Caps are a formidable opponent and I like our chances against them, but let's not get ahead of ourselves. After all, we are still playing with an inexperienced, backup goalie.","In contrast to Lundqvist, Holtby actually has a couple defensemen worth a damn in front of him.","I seriously do find the Capitals actually winning a playoff series more surprising than an 8 knocking out a 1.","That was fun to watch 6 extra games this season. \n\nC'mon Caps... FUCK THE PENS!","Too soon man...\n\nThe shiny still hurts. ","Cuddle up with Vera, it'll be ok","That juju seems to have worn off this year.","Let's go Sharks East!! What a gritty series from the Flyers","Idk that game winner goal that Mason let in from half was deflating.","That was after the injury that he sustained making an amazing save a brief time before that (which is why he couldn't get his body down). Mason should have been taken out after he sustained the injury ","We only scored 2 goals in the first 3 games. Wouldn't have made a difference.","Caps only scored two goals in the last three games.  Who knows what would've happened with Neuvy in goal those first three.  I know it would've been way more stressful for me.  Anyways good series!","Am I the only one not impressed with it? I'm impressed by their push to the playoffs, but this series was underwhelming for me. They didn't really *deserve* the wins they got. Would've been a 5 game series if not for Neuvy's insane efforts in game 5, and the offense barely got going. The Caps controlled every game, even the 2 wins. I wasn't expecting to have a real shot at winning this, but I sure was surprised not see a single game where the Flyers seemed to have control of the pace. I was happy to go along for the ride when they forced game 6, but at no point did I have any confidence that they could win a game against the Caps without sheer luck.","NBC just got the biggest boner","NBonerC","Say what you will about the Flyers but they showed a lot of passion and tenacity in the series to stay in it against a much better team","Indeed... And now maybe I can focus on not failing my last semester! ","Holtbeast has a sexy beard.","That is a very appropriate GIF for you.","SOG was shitty, until the last 2 minutes.","Wlcm","And Islanders have a shot of eliminating Florida.","Congratulations, Caps!","I got too much shit to do then to watch a hockey game in the morning. I really wanted to watch this game toom Oh Well. Just another rut thats turning me disloyal to hockey. ","You must be a pussy Capitals fan. I can tell because you have an amazingly fun team to watch. Your team just advanced to the next round in the playoffs and you are whining about the time of the game.\n\nYou really don't deserve the team you have","im a ducks fan actually and i live on the west.\n\nOr what do i have to be a fan to watcb a game you tool","I've been up till 2 to 2:30am watching games for a week and a half.. You can't get up at 9 for one game on the weekend?","I was up all night partying because I work all week and there's only two nights in a week i get to unwind. After the Ducks won and Mighty Mouse Kod a Olympic Gold Medalist in freestyle wrestling in the Clinch of all places, i was feeling pretty good to have a great night which makes the 9-5 grind worth it.\n\nI went to bed 5 hours before the game started. Its also sunday so its laundry day. I gotta work tomorrow. My understanding of adulthood is doing your daily tasks first and then sitting on your ass watching tv as a celebration.\n\nall im getting at is the last thing im doing is watching tv in the morning. Even if it was a ducks game.","happy that they made a series out of it to make up for game 3","You guys did a great job of wearing each other down, thanks for that!","I'm normally a Blue Jackets fan, but you can have our two playoff wins against the Penguins in 2014 as a head start!","I... don't think that's how it works.","Anything is possible, if you believe!","Philly was really hot despite the low seed though. As good as Caps are.","My body is ready.","We took the best team in the league to 6 games in a rebuilding year \n\nA team with the best pure goal scorer in the league and the no doubt Vezina winner in net.\n\nIm pretty damn proud of our boys. Great season everyone.\n\nNow go sweep the Pens and get Ovi a Cup, Caps. Or else. ","been rebuilding since '75 😴","Its gonna be the next Stanley cup final we're in, I swear :p","I grant you the power of the Holy Ghost Bear. Channel his energy.","I made a diamond!!!","The only time mine will ever unclench will be the sweet release of death.","I feel as if our future looks great,  and in excited the flyers are getting good at the same time.  The rivalry is really fun when it's competitive,  I'm excited to see provorov and ghost bear in the future,  this will be a fun couple of years. \n\nOh year fuck the flyers","If any of you need some razors www.dollarshaveclub.com","All jokes aside, these razors are quality. And the handles can be used with any razor, which is cool because I've been getting someone else's razors for lord only knows what reason. ","Looking forward to an epic clash in round 2.","May the caps feast on my corpse and gain my power","why couldn't we get goaltending like that pretty much every year between 1995-2012? ","ALL CAPS, LOVE IT. GREAT SERIES BTW.","Washington's already under the control of evil jujus...\n\n\nHeheh.  Just kidding.","Caps, you gave me quite a scare in Games 4 and 5, but I'm glad as fuck you won in Game 6. Holtby was a fucking beast in net and it was amazing seeing him perform like he usually does in this series. Kind of hard seeing the scoring being non existent in Game 4 and 5 and had the arsenal in shooting, but I do think the Caps can adress it before the Penguins. It's going to be a good series.\n\nFlyers, what can I say, You guys clawed your way into the playoffs and brought us a player that is amazing. I'm a 👻🐻 believer and he's fucking clutch. He's going to do wonders for the Flyers in the future. Slow start in the Playoffs, but after the 2010 playoffs, no 3-0 series lead can be taken lightly if playing against the Flyers. You guys did a good job in scaring the Caps, but it unfortunately fell short this time. I do think your future looks good and hope we can see more magic from the Flyers next year.","I'd love to see you guys get another Cup for Richards and Williams. Pls do this &lt;3","It took 4 minutes for NBC to mention the Ovechkin-Crosby matchup","Mine is permaclenched","Seriously, I think my pressure went through the roof, first time a game has affected me physically. I'm getting older too but still...","OPERATION FLYERCIDE\n\nCOMPLETE.","[WHY DOES EVERYONE HATE US SO MUCH?!?!](http://replygif.net/i/759.gif)","Because fuck you, that's why.  :hugs:","Haha fair enough","Don't you see? The Penguins are the greatest heroes of all. Hating the Pens brings the rest of the metro together! For the good of the division, the Penguins make the ultimate sacrifice, and that, my friend, is truly what a hero is made of","We're not the hero the NHL wants, but the hero the NHL needs.","A dark knight","Hey now, I was rooting for the reverse-sweep.","to be fair, the team in front of neuvy stunk like eggs too..","aside from schenn up and voracek down, same team","and just like that, i'm all \"Go Capitals!!\"","Not an unexpected outcome. I am just glad in a rebuilding year we took arguably the best team in the league to 6 games and gave it a good fight.\n\nOur time will be coming soon enough.","To our mutual hatred of the Pens! ","Here is a word cloud of every comment in this thread, as of this time: http://i.imgur.com/9sAitDU.png\n\n---\n\n[^[source ^code]](https://github.com/Winneon/makeswordclouds) [^[contact ^developer]](https://reddit.com/user/WinneonSword) [^[request ^word ^cloud]](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=makeswordcloudsagain&amp;subject=Requesting%20word%20cloud.&amp;message=%2Bcreate%20REPLACE_THIS_WITH_A_REDDIT_POST_PERMALINK)","I love how a huge word is the pens","Mine too, which I didn't realize until I read the news; I really don't want them to choke after such high expectations from the season ","I chose... wisely?","Ooooh you went out on a limb and picked a real underdog. Such forsight","Mine was clenched quite a bit too, I had a ghost bear emoji ass tattoo riding on this damn series. ","**WITNESS**","lol\n\nBye Flylicia","I promised a friend I would snort Sriracha if the Flyers managed to come back and win in 7\n\nNeedless to say, this was quite the relief","A spirited effort, seriously. \n\nI look forward to buying a beautiful orange &amp; cream Ghost Bear sweater this summer. ","Ill wait until the 50th anniversary jerseys come put ","Love how it took Philadelphia less than a second to like the Caps again after seeing they're playing the Pens.","letting in a muffin from the red line never helps","Holtby should go have a talk with Hank on how to deal with his future feelings of despair and hopelessness ","It's like all of NOVA is finally able to poop again. ","Mediocre.","[No, it goes like this.](http://giphy.com/gifs/mad-max-mediocre-immortan-joe-ZQB0BrGtsnUYM)","What a great game. Flyers did better then many thought. If only Holtby wasn't so amazing they'd have had a better chance. Going to be amazing to see pens v caps.","operation reverse sweep was a fun dream while it lasted","No, it most certainly was not! ","And you guys thought we were gonna be bottom 2 in the east. Go flyers! ","GO FUCK YOURSELVES WHITE, GUDAS, AND SCHENN 👋💩⛳️","[removed]","Fun fact, the starting QB of my rival high school did just that.\n\nEdit: In case the comment above gets deleted, Flyers fan told me \"I really hope you kill your best friend in a drunk driving accident.\"","Videos in this thread:\n\n[Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r4g9f0f?feature=playlist&amp;nline=1)\n\n\tVIDEO|COMMENT\n\t-|-\n[Dueling Hat Tricks - Ovechkin Vs Crosby (HD)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=qun0jtArMa8)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/hockey/comments/4g9f0f/_/d2fn59y?context=10#d2fn59y) - Just cuz it's badass and was super exciting Dueling Hat Tricks \n[And There Was Much Rejoicing](https://youtube.com/watch?v=enSYlCEz5VI)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/hockey/comments/4g9f0f/_/d2fn966?context=10#d2fn966) - WE HAVE BEEN AVENGED! THANK YOU CAPITALS!!! :D   \n[Ricky Bobby Target](https://youtube.com/watch?v=749OU6n-aV4)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/hockey/comments/4g9f0f/_/d2fnnep?context=10#d2fnnep) -  \n[Night Night, Keep ya Butthole tight!](https://youtube.com/watch?v=h7EDmVwfmrE)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/hockey/comments/4g9f0f/_/d2fnjvd?context=10#d2fnjvd) - every day of playoffs hockey \nI'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.\n***\n[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)","I wanna get the Blues bandwagon flair but since you're locked in its pretty iffy","Fuck this mentality, wholeheartedly.","Yeah fuck this pens-caps series. It's a lose-lose. ","No goalie is going to consistently stonewall an opponent when your team is giving away tons of junk penalties. ","I'm on that Capitals bandwagon. If Hank can't get it, then Ovi should finally get it. \n\nAlso Bäckström. He's great.","Maybe you should do some actual time traveling.","ALRIGHT LET'S GO CAPS.","I LIVE I DIE, I LIVE AGAIN!!! ","Holtby with 2 shutouts against the Flyers (with one goal allowed against the Caps).","We're Flyers fans. Time has no meaning to us, since we'll probably end up waiting forever for another Cup.","so sad but so true","Or, ya know, a few years when some of the best defensive prospects are developed enough to be in the league along with the the few forwards we have developing.","Oilers fan here, I disagree.","Oh, goodie. Now the media can push the latest chapter in that insipid Ovechkin vs. Crosby \"rivalry\".","Now, Geno and Ovechken? Those two fucking hate each other.","Only non-NHL flairs are eternal, ain't that right?","WITNESS!!!","**WITNESS!**","WITNESS","thank you for this"],["[.](http://i.imgur.com/n9di98s.png)","I'd rather have faded and even broomed Jets flair than ever put some other team's filthy logo next to my name.  Jets or bust. Usually bust. ","I know that feel","Unfortunately...","Hey you guys won in 67! Take that Jets... right... right???","Along with the rest of Canada","Not all of us are Canadian team fans.\n\nDespite our history, I somewhat considered going Sharks bandwagon but I really need an 'anti-band wagon' as I'm cheering now for any team but the Pens. \n\nLike the Sharks and Caps mostly though. Love to see Sharks get one finally.","You invented the feel. I mean mine isn't much better, but at least I get to see them lose in like round one or two once and awhile. You guys have it bad. Respect. ","I'll still cheer for other teams. But it's Avs or death for me.\n\nI won't even put Team Canada beside my flair for Olympics/WJ/Other international tournaments.","I DO IT FOR THE OLYMPICS MOSTLY BECAUSE IT MAKES TRASH TALKING A LOT EASIER AND THERE'S NO CONFUSION OVER WHO \"WE\" ARE.\n\nALSO THAT TEAM CANADA FLAIR IS PRETTY TIGHT","Yes.","IT'S A DAMN SHAME WE CAN'T USE THAT LOGO IN THE OLYMPICS ANYMORE, IT'S DEFINITELY MY FAVOURITE.","wait why can't we use it anymore?","THE IOC IS ALL PISSY ABOUT HOW THAT TEAM CANADA LOGO IS A CORPORATE LOG.\n\n[SOME MORE READING, IF YOU'RE INTERESTED](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/national/team-canada-gets-jerseyed-by-strict-olympic-logo-rules/article662602/)","Why are you yelling at us?","Caps fans use all caps in the playoffs.","that's adorable","Haha I totally forgot about that, KEEP IT GOING","WHY ARE YOU NOT?","GET IT!?! CAPITAL LETTERS BECAUSE THE CAPITALS? SORRY I HAD TO CONTRIBUTE TO THIS CONVERSATION BECAUSE I HAVE NO FRIENDS.","HEY MAN I'LL BE YOUR FRIEND","Tbh you're right. It is pretty tight and I love cheering my head off for our boys with the Team Canada logo on their chest.\n\nIt's just that I gotta rep my true love first and foremost.","OKAY I AGREE, BUT WHY ARE WE YELLING?","CAPS FAN, ALL CAPS ALL PLAYOFFS","YOU'RE A CAPS FAN NOW.","WOOOOOOOOO","i would love to have a maple leaf flair but i can nevr abandon the plucky little underdogs of Bristol in their little ameuater league","Like Bristol England?","yep, Bristol Pitbulls all the way!","Okay, man. That's some next level shit. ","I wish the sharks and the jets had a better rivalry. I always get excited when they play and pretend it's musical theater night but neither team ever does anything to acknowledge the west side story tie-in. Missed opportunity if you ask me.","The Venn diagram of hockey fans and Broadway fans probably looks pretty close to an 8","I'm one of those incredibly few people in between the two. ","me too! \n\n&gt; do i contradict myself? very well then, i contradict myself. i am large, i contain multitudes.","That's because West Side is the worst musical in history","That is perhaps the most absurd statement I have ever read on the internet. I don't even want to bring up the mountains of shitty musicals that exist (I'm looking at you High School Musical) because West Side Story is undeniably great.  ","Officer Krupke is worse than Cats all by itself","hey officer krupke, krup you!","That's an odd way to spell best","I think if you polled our sub that most Jettitors would put the Sharks pretty high up in their estimation of favorite teams and fanbases.  We always have really great GDT's when playing the Sharksbros, and they share our hatred of those filthy ducks.  I just don't think there can be a rivalry there.  I'd kill to see them play each other in the playoffs, but only because it would be a genuine pleasure to get a few more GDT's with their fine fans.","I like you, I like you a lot.","Nah, they're just waiting for a playoff series against each other.","I would watch the shit out of that series.\n\nBig Buff vs. Jumbo Joe in the West Side Series.\n\nBest since it'd likely be a Western Conference final.\n\nAlso would be nice to play WPG in a series... Benning and the Jets....","Considering that you guys didn't have the Jets from 1996-97 Season to 2011-12 Season.  I can't see anyone of you ever jumping on a bandwagon.","*nervous laughter* Haha, yeah totally... ","How could you? :(","[When your a Jet your a Jet all the way](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exGJsv6ZNlo)","you're* x 2","In my defense I posted this right when j got up after a long night of drinking. I will not edit it because I must show the world my shame for my mistakes ","&gt; I must show the world my shame for my mistakes\n\nSpoken as a true Sharks fan. ","Wew Ladd!","How do I cash in on this username karma?\n","First you gotta flair up","Now what?","Now shitpost","You're doing it!","Agreed.  This is my team, there is no other.  I'll find someone to pull for (right now it feels like the Pens), but there's no \"representing\" going on.","Amen Jetsbro!  When I officially decided at the end of the playoffs last season I changed my flair from perfectly unbroomed Avs flair to Broomed Jets flair and there is no going back!  I wore that broom with pride!","Well technically, it's usually both.","I picked up this flair because i thought all the regular fans for the team were picking them up because they looked cool. I am not very smart","Meh, the only chance I'd take it is if my team was in the dumpster for multiple years.\n\nSee my bandwagon Portland flair in /r/NBA replacing my Lakers flair.\n\nIf your team is respectable though, gotta stick it out.","Same feeling here!","Same here. The laugh I had when I got that in my inbox was the only bright spot of my day when we were eliminated.","But shouldn't a bandwagoner be able to jump on a new bandwagon when his \"new\" team is eliminated? If you are a faded bandwagon you'd rather return to you original flair right? If you have to stay faded.","One chance at redemption","I am a Stars/Caps fan who put on the Washington bandwagon flair because I thought it looked fun... I basically fucked myself because now I can't go back to my Stars flair :'(","Id be kinda fully if both Washington and Dallas got eliminated in the first round. But only kinda because I too am a Stars fan","Oh shit, so one chance of redemption. I better get my redemption out because we all know the history of my bandwagon flair.","It adds an extra level of difficulty you must choose wisely. ","I chose poorly.","I feel ya, bro. I think we need a support group for fans who can't bandwagon good and want to do other stuff good too.","We need to find out if there's more to life than just being really, really, really good looking.","you could meet in a centralized location that looks like [this!](http://0.media.collegehumor.cvcdn.com/59/48/6cf8f326ae55768ef05fb31d72e0e4f0-the-derek-zoolander-center-for-children-who-cant-read-good-and-wanna-l.jpg)","What is this??? A CENTER FOR ANTS!? How can we expect to teach people how to bandwagon, if they can't even fit inside the building?","What is this a place for ants? It needs to be at least 3 times that.","Sometimes the only winning move is not to play.","I haven't been playing because I don't get it. Could you tl;dr bandwagon flair please? ","If your team is out but you like one of the remaining teams, you can get a bandwagon flair that says \"this isn't my first choice, but I like them\".","Hell yeah you did. /s\n\n\nJust as an aside, it was so funny that people were getting mad at the Wings for busting their brackets. Like shit man, that was just *really* poor decision-making on your guys' part. I'm a die-hard Wings fan and I looked at that PP and that defense (and that offense) and went, \"nope. TB in 5.\" ","I like the idea of only getting one bandwagon choice per playoffs.  When that team is bounced, you're done. Accept the fade like a man. \n\nI'm mostly on mobile so I can't really tell, but I assume the bandwagon flair for the Rags, Wings and Kings are faded, right? ","Yessir. As bleached as Trump's toupee.","If you're going to fade me and lock me on a team that's not my own, I lose attracting the scorn of /r/hockey based on my favorite team AND I can't even properly jinx another team by supporting them.","I'm not a fan of that idea because IIHF WC overlap with SC playoffs. Once they're over I'll switch to a bandwagon flair though.","You decided to change it, it is changed until the playoffs are over.  I like it.","Still not over the fact that we're your #2 team with that username and those posters :(","Also my #1. Like someone else said, if you love a team, why not put it on a chariot? :D","Me too! I was gonna make a post like this, but I thought it would be low content...","&gt;  low content.\n\nJust like your team","No, that's *Lowe* content—er, sorry, you mean the Kings.\n\nI'm used to being shit-talked about the Oilers.\n\n&amp;nbsp;\n\n...yeah, well your team is *Marleau-content*!","Nice save","ahh yes going down with the bandwagon","I had a Detroit bandwagon flair for a bit, but decided to go back to my faded badge of shame because it felt like I was hiding my true nature. It must have been before the mods decided to implement this rule because I had no problem switching back.","Why do you want to get off the ride?  Was it something Sharks said?","Considering he's a Leafs fan, it must be because you guys didn't choke.","There's still a potential 3 more series to go, so hold off on that claim for now...","Fuck you, get jumbo Joe a cup","No cup is big enough to hold a 4-goal Joe","Where have you been the last 11 years? It's not that the Sharks didn't choke... It just hasn't happened yet.","I was joking because he's a Leafs fan as well. That also doesn't do well in the playoffs.","Not at all, I love the Sharks. Just figured I'd wear the fade with pride, but this is fun too. ","Maybe Reims will get a start in the playoffs.  He's been solid in his starts and fans/players would be glad to have him back there.  It's just that Mr. Jones has been solid too, and stability and confidence is good to have in the playoffs.\n","(faded leafer here). I'd love for Reims to get a start, but barring anything happening to Jones, I don't see it happening.  He's been way too good.","He only know what losing was like for the past decade. He didn't know what to do when a team won in the playoffs. It's alright, he freaked out a little. \n\nBut there's no leaving this crazy train. If we hit a wall straight on, his poor soul is coming with us.","I like how instead of talking about this post the comments are people declaring how they would never dare change their sacred flair, how dare people even think about changing the little symbol next to their reddit name ","How dare people change the pixels. HOW DARE THEY.","HOW DARE THEY CHANGE 400 PIXELS.","Yea, how dare I cheer for my #2 team!","Oh my god, a Flyers bandwagoner? I didn't know those actually existed","Haha, not sure they do. The Flyers are my #2 team","I wanted to be one, but I can't change mine","My second team is the wings and that shit's faded so I'll stick to my ducks. ","#ROUNDTWOOOOOOOOOOOO","Weeeeee!\n\nEDIT: Awww but I want to be in a wagon too!!! I've only been on board for 7 months ^^4 ^^years ^^^and ^^^two ^^^decades","Ugh, being an old fan sucks","PLEASE PUSH GAME 7 WOOOOOOOOOO","What's young Corey Perry up to in that picture?","Let's go fellow Sharks Bandwagoners!!!!!!!!!!!","They are my west team, gogogo! Vlasic was my neighbor!","Isn't this what my flair normally looks like???","I'm not putting on a bandwagon flair, I'm proud of the team I'm a fan of.","Me too, plus I think being brought up as a Leafs fan has conditioned me to derive some sort of sick pleasure from being associated with defeat.","I was kinda hoping to see some ReimTime in the playoffs, but I doubt that'll happen.","Marlies for the Calder bitchezzzzz","A captain always goes down with his ship.","Unless your name is Andrew Ladd","We decided to get the band back together. Missions from God trump ship siblings.","You seem to have forgotten someone else in Winnipeg. Or does God play favorites?","No but he does hand out handsome ass contracts, we miss the big guy but glad to see he is getting PAID","God DOES play favorites ","[We're on a mission from God.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-4YrCFz0Kfc)","Weeeeew Ladd","w e w l a d d\n\ne\n\nw\n\nl\n\na\n\nd\n\nd\n\n\nDid I do that right?","My ship's been underwater for the past 20 years.\n\nAt least it's not faded! ","What is dead may never fade!","Certain captains dont go down at all","It's true.\n\n^^^Disregard ^^^my ^^^flair. ","Yeah, so am I. I just realised that a little badge is just fun and that I prefer fun to being smug.","if it comes to it, same. but I do plan on switching to the Caps bandwagon flair, I want my weagle to have a little chariot!","A chariot for weagle and Beagle","Perfect time to hop on...","\"Wear it like armor and it can never be used to hurt you\"","That's silly, you could totally beat a guy up with a Knights metal arm, especially if you already knocked his helmet off. ","It sure as Hell can drown you though. ","I'm just way too lazy to change mine.","I am proud to he a loser!","Exactly, you have to own it.","Is there a way to bandwagon all the remaining teams except Chicago and Anaheim?","You'd pick San Jose over us?? Hurts, man....","You know you've done a good job when they've beat you and they're still bitter. ","I may actually put on a Hawks bandwagon flair just because I want to see this subreddit burn to the ground if they win again.","I don't get this mindset from Kings fans. Like, I get we want a third cup in this era as well, but fuck NorCal. The Giants and Warriors are already winning enough this decade. ","&gt;  I get we want a third cup in this era as well\n\nWell, more like, are upset that the Hawks upstaged the Kings' \"two cups in three years\" with Chicago's \"three cups in six years.\" But, have you looked at the Kings history *prior* to this \"age of the cup\" half-decade?\n\n&gt; [...] , but fuck NorCal. The Giants and Warriors are already winning enough this decade.\n\nAh, the continual \"LA's better than NorCal\" struggle... it's really funny how that rivalry continues, pretty much in *anything* you can think of... you guys can have the entertainment / music industry (well, most of it). We'll take the rest... ;-)","Well, to be fair, we also have 2 Cups in 3 years...we just have another one on top of it. \n\nThey didn't like us before that. ","&gt;They didn't like us before that. \n\nWell, everyone has their own bandwagon'ers... it goes with success, I guess - even with the Sharks missing the playoffs for *one* year, it was amazing to see what it did to the fanbase (though, I don't think it's rebounded, quite yet - though sounds like next year's season ticket holder numbers are increasing).\n\nI still think the Hawks have a pretty respectable history overall. But, with the LA fanbase continually touting their recent success with the cup, it gets a little irritating ... as very few of those fans even know much about the franchise, anyway - like, *how long* did it take them to even make it to a Stanley Cup Final, even when they had Gretzky? And, the Sharks are still a pretty young franchise... I'm sure my views would likely be a little divergent, too, were I more in to rivalries like the Hawks / Wings.","We have better beaches as well. IMO","Easily ","Eh, you have *more accessible* beaches .. many of the shores, up here, are rocky and stunning - and are great for SCUBA diving and site/sight-seeing. If you want to dive in LA, you pretty much need to find a charter out to the Channel Islands.","Your ocean is completely off limits unless you have a wetsuit because it's so fucking cold. Also there are a shit ton of great whites up north.","Well that's good because you guys clearly can't handle the Sharks in LA","Not one fatal shark attack in the South Bay since the 1900s soo","Dude, I was referring to how the Sharks beat the Kings literally every time they played at Staples Center this year","Having Bruins flair isn't great during the regular season, honestly it being faded makes people slightly less venomous. No reason to change it. ","As an Edmonton native, I have to say that many Oilers fans are annoying with how they perceive the Oilers as this franchise who has been unsuccessful forever. \n\nOil have the last *bonafide dynasty* in the NHL, think of places like St. Louis, Toronto, etc. and just remember that making round 1/2 of the playoffs doesn't equal success. \n\n/rantover","I mean, the Kings and the Blackhawks both make a case for dynasty.... and probably Detroit from the late 90s to early 00s.","Agreed, imo Detroit would be the closest, that's why I chose to use the word bonafide, because in Edmonton's case I don't think you could find anyone who disagrees with that claim ","Yeah those damn motherfu- *uhhh*... I mean, yeah, Detroit was a legit dynasty in the 90s.","Not according to the HHOF :(","There's an HHOF dynasty list? TIL. \n\nHere's why there's no question. I spent my WHOLE childhood waiting for Yzerman/Lidstrom/Fedorov etc to get old/retire.\n\nAnd when they finally did, the was a *whole other* crop of players who comprised a Cup-caliber team. \n\nIt's the NHL - you can't require 10 Cups to be a dynasty, it's unrealistic. Those Red Wings absolutely were one. ","&gt;There's an HHOF dynasty list?\n\nhttp://www.hhof.com/htmltimecapsule/dyntm00.shtml\n\nThe HHOF has a specific definition of dynasty, which has been set so high that it can't happen accidentally, though I'm finding it difficult to find that information right now for some reason. If I recall correctly, it's something to the tune of winning 4 or more championships within a decade with a certain number of the same players. Detroit could have made it official by winning in '95 or '09.","&gt; the Kings and the Blackhawks both make a case for dynasty\n\nEh... I think the Hawks have [a much better case](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Chicago_Blackhawks_seasons) for it. I mean, LA's essentially had [three good seasons](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Los_Angeles_Kings_seasons) in the last five. And, prior to that, there's almost a good 20 years of nothing terribly spectacular. But yes, there's *definitely* something with the [Detroit Red Wings](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Detroit_Red_Wings_seasons), as much as we \"hate\" to admit that one (my other half is a Michigan native and, well, we're *not* Wings fans).","Nothing too spectacular for a couple of decades before Kane/Toews in Chicago, either. But that doesn't really matter IMO. The Pats for example were mostly a joke for two decades before Tom showed up. I'd definitely call them a dynasty.","Trust me, I feel you on the \"franchise has been unsuccessful forever\" thing. \n\nAlthough Milbury sure made it seem that way. ","Thank God its over","When you get shit on by an Edmonton fan. ","As a fan, only cups you can remember count imo, so for any fans under 30 or so, they basically have been unsuccessful forever.","Right, but in that context you're saying that 16 of the teams in the league are garbage because they also don't have a cup since the 80's","Not garbage, but some people seem to think that cups that happened before they were born gives them some kind of license to shit talk.","It's ok, you can just come right out and call them Habs fans. They're harmless.","I was hoping we could hop on to new ones every round so that come finals time everyone was on one of two wagons. It seems more fun that way.","I tried to jump onto the Sharks bandwagon and I got the same message :(","First of all, how dare you","Some folks don't remember","I picked up this flair after the Wings were eliminated and they've lost both games since. Not sure I'm doing the Caps any favors...","lol same here, poor Ovi","\"I can't let you do that Dave\" ","I never even thought about changing my flair..... and I won't ever again. I'll cheer for other teams, but my flair is for my team only.","Day made","I want off Mr bones wild ride","Yeah, I was planning on taking bandwagon flair each time I participated in a GDT after the Wings were eliminated. \n\nI put too much faith in the Blues, and I'm paying for it now. ","I'm married to a Sharks fan and I put in my vows that I vow to never wear anything but my winged wheel! Red Wings for life!!","Win lose or tie, UML til I die","Haha","Videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r4g82ur?feature=playlist)\n\n\tVIDEO|COMMENT\n\t-|-\n[smudgeness](https://youtube.com/watch?v=30QVKsTFPPs)|[46](https://reddit.com/r/hockey/comments/4g82ur/_/d2fbn24?context=10#d2fbn24) - And there's our smudgeness \n[West Side Story-Jet Song](https://youtube.com/watch?v=exGJsv6ZNlo)|[18](https://reddit.com/r/hockey/comments/4g82ur/_/d2fd7a2?context=10#d2fd7a2) - When your a Jet your a Jet all the way \n[The Simpsons - When Pigs Fly](https://youtube.com/watch?v=MWvevkE0kAI)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/hockey/comments/4g82ur/_/d2fom8w?context=10#d2fom8w) - You get a 3-0 lead, that turns into a 3-1 lead, but it's still good, it's still good, but it turns into a 3-2 lead, but it's still good, it's still good, but it turns into a 3-3 tie, but it's still good, it's still good, but then you lose 4-3, then i...\n[We're on a mission from God.](https://youtube.com/watch?v=-4YrCFz0Kfc)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/hockey/comments/4g82ur/_/d2ffmt4?context=10#d2ffmt4) - We're on a mission from God. \nI'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.\n***\n[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)","Here is a word cloud of every comment in this thread, as of this time: http://i.imgur.com/BIIG5Rl.png\n\n---\n\n[^[source ^code]](https://github.com/Winneon/makeswordclouds) [^[contact ^developer]](https://reddit.com/user/WinneonSword) [^[request ^word ^cloud]](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=makeswordcloudsagain&amp;subject=Requesting%20word%20cloud.&amp;message=%2Bcreate%20REPLACE_THIS_WITH_A_REDDIT_POST_PERMALINK)","I just want to change mine to Marlies :'(","Is there a \"anyone but a California team\" flair? Cuz i need one of those","Ive watched most of the playoff games except the late games unless they are on Saturday. But leafs will always be my flair... unless Canada for Olympics maybe.","i see it as pride, dealing with all the pain and still being a fan, if it wasn't for my home team i would have the faded maple leaf!","You forgot Steeger","It'd be better if you did double space  \nthen enter.\n\nIt's closer than double enter.","[relevant] (http://i.ebayimg.com/images/g/0RwAAOSwstxVb-Im/s-l300.jpg)","[relevant](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/c2/1b/87/c21b870210a36b2707a2158a04479375.jpg)","Could you make that period a little smaller for my mobile device please./s","^^^^^.","Jokes on you, Baconreader has my back. ","How did you open it?!?! I have bacon reader and it just keeps expanding and minimizing??","*headdesk*\n\nIs the dot blue and underlined?","The other one was","The first one I just tapped it and it opened. The second one isn't a link. ","Can someone open this for mobile users? Oh.. you can see it when you reply to comment..","Love it.","We should be able to switch from one bandwagon to another, that's what bandwagons are for. ","Exactly. It also kind of destroys what I was doing with this: \n\nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/hockey/comments/4fctpw/bandwagon_flair_trends_week_1/\n\n/u/7we4k or any other mods: Any chance we could get this changed? Maybe take a poll? \n\nI'd much rather see what happens when everyone is allowed to switch as teams are eliminated.","Perhaps when round one is over we can pick a new team.","That would be cool.","*What is dead may never fade!*","Aren't you already a ducks fan why the wagon","Text flair was more fun with the wagon flair.","Wear it with pride. Our next cup is coming far sooner than for many of this year's playoff teams.","I'm going to go cry with Lundqvist now.","&gt; Our next cup is coming far sooner than for many of this year's playoff teams.\n\nWe can only wait and hope.","Pride cometh before the fall.","Pride must have come decades ago then.","I don't know, Jason Day and Jordan Spieth could give you a run for your money.","Just keep telling yourself that","Why not the Pens?","Because fuck the pens and fuck the hawks.","Like to see someone new win the cup. Plus I just don't like the Pens. Never have for one reason or another. ","Fair enough","Reasons id like to see the Sharks-\n\n1) Love how they play the game, Big Joe is underrated and Pavelski must be the underrated player in the game. Burns kicks ass. They also seem like a likeable bunch. Vlasic was also underrated until Team Canada picked him and everyone said 'oh shit, this guy is an all star';\n\n2) Bruins fans had been chirping the Leafs for years about the Kessel trade. I'm not a leafs fan but lived in Toronto for awhile. Let's see them chirp now - the Bruins have dealt Thornton, Seguin, Keasel, and now Lucic.  I don't care what they say, they're far worse than the Leafs when it comes to this. \n\n","Yeah, we are a likeable team, aren't we? Burns is the man.\n\nI just remembered that the Pens have only won the cup three times, though, and only once in the past 22 years, so they aren't exactly a dynasty like the Hawks. They were looking pretty fucking solid this past series, though. ","Pens have come out like beasts. No doubt about it. But I'd like to see the Sharks, Caps, or Blues. \n\n","Of course I'd love to see the Sharks take it, but if not, I'd be happy with the Blues. I guess maybe the Caps, but I'd actually be okay with the Pens, too. I have some friends that are die hard Pens fans, and that sorta rubbed off on me.","I like to think of it as I went down with my ship, and was rescued by a little boat-wagon","Being smug is your opinion. I have more fun keeping my flair than jumping on someone else's bandwagon.","[And there's our smudgeness](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=30QVKsTFPPs)","&gt; Being smug is your opinion\n\nBarely dude, your original comment does sound incredibly condescending and elitist.","I think he is still a little upset from yesterday","how so?","You said you kept your flair because you're proud of your team which implies you think those with bandwagon flairs are not. How are you this tone-deaf","I know what made me make my choice, I don't know what influences others to make theirs, am I really the tone def one here?","Yes you are. There are ways of saying why you chose something without implying what other people chose is wrong or being condescending","I don't care.","Obviously","I'll fight everyone in this thread bro. Meet me in the lot.","Don't you have some golf to go play","You're implying I'm not a true fan of my team because I switched my flair.","All I did was say I was proud of my team, I don't know what influences others to choose bandwagon flairs, but I know what influences my decision not to.","your tone said that those with bandwagon flairs have no pride in their team, which was smug","Ah okay, in that case you're right, I think bandwagon flairs are a disgrace and bad for the game. Fight me IRL.","I don't see it as a binary proposition. I can be proud and supportive of my team (more than any other team) while also cheering on a second team. These things are not mutually exclusive.","Ah okay, in that case you're right, I think bandwagon flairs are a disgrace and bad for the game. Fight me IRL.","Personally I didn't take that as his tone, I read it as his flair being a manifestation of his pride in his team, and that the fact that they're out isn't going to see that gone/changed.\n\nIt's a flair on Reddit, wear it as you want it. Who cares.","[NO](http://www.genehoward.org/DOODLES/CRUCIFIXION/CRUCIFY%20HIM%20CO.jpg)","You've given up already?","&gt;if it comes to it","RIP Ser Talbert Serry","Still 4-0 against Ottawa in the playoffs, so there's that going for us.","Is it really a bust when you know it's highly likely that it's going to end badly?","What is dead may never die","Would be cool if they let you keep your flair and also add a bandwagon one.\n\nI mean, doesn't matter to me though, since I'll only need 1.","Got 'em! ","Ummm... the temperature differences are generally less than about 10 degrees. If you want warm water, you still need to head further south (LA peaks around 70 degrees, where-as we're closer to 60 - though you can get 70 or better, if you go inland).\n\nFor example, in the last 24 hours, Monterey is 57.7, and San Francisco is 59.7... Los Angeles is 62.6 (though San Diego is 67.8 ... but inland, Alameda is 63.5 and Redwood City is 65.1).","10 degrees is a pretty hefty difference in the ocean in my opinion. That's like a difference between LA temps and Fiji temps.  I went surfing this morning and the water was 63 degrees and I was fine with a 3/2 wetsuit. In the summer months the beauty is that you don't even need a wetsuit at all here.","&gt; 10 degrees is a pretty hefty difference in the ocean in my opinion.\n\nWell, currently the difference is *less than three degrees.* Though, you also generally have shallower, \"longer\" beaches (ie. before you hit deeper water)... which is what contributes to the decent surfing.\n\nThat said, the \"invite only\" [Mavericks](http://titansofmavericks.com/) is still held up-here... though I know Huntington Beach is a famed destination for surfers, too - you pretty much need to go to Oahu, Hawaii, otherwise (and you surely don't need to wetsuit there, either... though I think I'd still wear one, if-only for \"protection\" from random scraps and what-not).","[deleted]","I ...don't...know that feel? I have absolutely no idea what you're scoffing at - do you?","[deleted]","Bruh, 1967. Oilers have only been bad recently in comparison.","Ive been a fan for 10 years, I've yet to experience any playoff hockey.","I literally never saw the St. Louis Rams go above .500 and never will. ","You weren't alive in 99?","I was born in '96, but didn't follow them until I was 10.","Well with Jeff Fischer as your HC get used to those .500 seasons","Jesus, I was an Avs fan when they were the Nordiques. I guess I never realized that there's a whole generation of people out there that never saw Gretzky play or Lemieux, Sakic, Yzerman, Bourque, Bure, etc.\n\nCrazy. ","Your 3 year old self didn't have their fucking priorities set. \n\nI was singing Super Bowl shuffle at 2 weeks old dog. ","Keep in mind someone born in 2000 could be 16 now... I was on Reddit at 16 for sure. ","That's unsettling. I'm going back to my prune juice and sitting on my rocker","i was born in '98. They won the Super Bowl before I was 1","People born in 99 are 17 now, very capable of being on reddit.","Nah, they'll be out of LA in a few years. They might even come back to STL. Stupider team moves have happened in the NFL.","My memories of the Buffalo Bills have been a team that has never made the playoffs.\n\nAnd have been bad but not bad enough for number 1s.","But you got playoff hockey.","Why are people down voting this??  ","Because the Leafs have a much longer time of poor performance but he's saying it doesn't matter because he wasn't following the sport that far back. Most of us probably weren't paying attention to hockey that long either. It's a self-centered way of looking at things and I think that's the reason people are downvoting.","I'm not sure. Circlejerking would be my guess.","Oilers flair has never not been faded this time of year","Hockey is about history, not a decade. \n\nI'd rather be bad for 8 years than never win a cup.\n","[deleted]","Your team was one win away from a Stanley Cup 10 years ago and you're whining to a Leafs fan about how long it's been since they were good. ","Since the 04-05 lockout each team has one playoff appearance. The Oilers lost game seven of the Stanley Cup Finals, whereas the Leafs had the most devastating collapse in playoff history in game 7 of round one. They've got you beat on this one.","You're welcome.","/r/hockey didn't exist when the Oilers last made the playoffs though (as far as I can tell this is the first ever post on /r/hockey http://www.reddit.com/r/hockey/info/6lnmk/comments/)","Fair enough. Guess it depends on what you like to do. I'm a campfire and chill kinda beach goer. Hard to enjoy the NorCal beaches when you have cold breezes and you're wearing a jacket instead of shorts.  ","&gt; Hard to enjoy the NorCal beaches when you have cold breezes and you're wearing a jacket instead of shorts.  \n\nIndeed... but similarly, enjoying a night being bundled up around campfire, as the fog swirls around you before it vanishes out of sight. Or, just a drive/hike around the dramatic cliffs of Marin County or Big Sur, with the waves crashing below can be quite surreal. As you said... it really depends on what you're in to...","Round 1/2? Sounds like where the Bruins have finished for the last two seasons. You get halfway in but then miss on the final day. ","THIS THREAD IS IN OVERTIME APPARENTLY.","I DON'T GET IT.  IF IT'S IN OVERTIME THEN WHERE ARE THE REST OF THE HAWKS FANS? WAIT, DO OTHER TEAMS HAVE OVERTIME TOO?","We can use it if the Canadian NOC allowed it.","Now it paid off.","This next series is going to be interesting.  We'll see if Elliott can hold off the Stars' onslaught, and hopefully see Tarasenko get some good looks on Niemi.  \n\nHe should be well rested.","don't we all?","ALL SERIES LONG, BABY.","*ghosts can't yell, silly*","The real question is city or rovers? ","is there a fellow Bristolian here!?\n\nThe only correct answer to that question is neither, Bristol Rugby (this year is gonna be the year we get promoted!)\n\nBut, yeah, City all the way for football, you?","City, I am a fellow Bristolian 10 years removed been in Canada for a while. Although I am pretty fucking good at hockey now, do you know if the Pitbulls do open tryouts? ","oh nice one! I dont actually follow the Pitbulls much anymore, as I am at uni so dont live there anymore and since our rink was closed the pitbulls now have to play their games in Oxford :( but plans for a new rink are being planned i think. Plus hockey in general just gets such little coverage over here...\n\nas for open tryouts, I'm sure they probably do at some point, if your anywhere near decent, and i mean decent for UK standard, you would probably have no trouble getting on the team. I bet if you contact the team and ask about a tryout they would offer you one, they are always looking for some extra talent. But if you do make the team, lemme know cause that would be awesome!","Huh. They let me jump off the Panthers bandwagon and onto the Blues.  Though I may regret the choice.","well obviously you would put Team Canada, you'd put TEAM USA BABY","Gross. I'm Canadian.","You realize the avalanche haven't played in Quebec in 20 years, right?","And?","I thought it was sacrilege for a canadian to root for an american team. ","&gt; I'll still cheer for other teams. But it's Avs or death for me.\n\nIsn't this like the definition of conflicting statements?","Oh god, High School Musical was so bad","Profit ","Day Made","[deleted]","not true -_-\n\nthe ones you speak of are mostly the techie transplants that don't even realize hockey exists","Aww isn't that cute, another damned invader in the city talking trash","[deleted]","Maybe I misspoke - if you're going to start with bandwagon jokes in a year where even the longest serving fans are hurting I'm likely to assume you're an import","[deleted]","Totally understand, seems like you start to get how a Sharks fan might feel about being called a bandwagoner...","[deleted]","And only one makes you look like a pretentious hockey dick\n\nAnd the nice part is I can turn off that fake bull shit you're always going to be that way","[deleted]","Have you spent your whole time as a fan talking down to other people or is that a new thing since you guys are shit?","Well that's kinda the bay area for you. No one was a Giants fan before September of 2010 and then all of a sudden all these people claimed that they were fans for forever.","Grew up on the peninsula as an A's fan. Whenever I go to AT&amp;T for a game people talk shit because my hat. But I usually know way more about the team than they ever will. People go to be seen because they have won recently. ","I was hiding my true love first and foremost.","Going to hop on the Washington get Ovi a cup flair... ","Already did man - Wings fan","Rangers fan here... I would've like to have seen Dats and the wings go a little bit farther. ","Shit, just happened to me when I tried to change my Isles Bandwagon flair for STL flair.","As a rangers fan, I'd pull for the Oilers but stay loyal.  How come the pens dude. ..messier, talbot.  Are you not entertained?   ARE YOU NOT.  ENTERTAINED? ","Frankly, I hated the Rangers for years for coming in and pillaging all of our good players.  Hated them enough that I was pulling for the Canucks in '94.\n\nI hate the shit Crosby gets so I am glad he is doing well.\n\nPlus I want to see Kessel get a Cup so some Leafs' fans' heads explode.","Obviously Justin Schultz /s. ","it always ends with bust","Thought I was in the NFL subreddit.\n\n:(","I think it kinda sucks we didn't know in advance, I would've picked more wisely.","awesome!!  haha.\n\nI just clicked SEND on this NYI (instead of NYR) stuff.. and TA-TINK. puck goes off Isles post in 2OT","IT NEVER ENDS","Fuck that! I'm a ducks fan first but a hockey fan second.  I'll root for any team except Detroit or Chicago.  Really wanted to see the Panthers move on, but I'll take the Lightning instead.","I'm a Leafs fan living in the Bay (Toronto native) and I hope the Sharks go on. They traditionally tease and let down their fans, who are surprisingly and encouragingly passionate and knowledgable. I love Reims, and it's hard not to root for your local. All I ask is that one time you let us win when me and my beer league hockey league leafs fans attend that matchup once a year. \n","I'm proud of my fade!","I don't see the big deal. I'm an Avs fan, Avs are not eligible to win Stanley. It's fun to jump on the bandwagon of a team for a cup run.","What's a broom and how can I get one? :(","Well what happens is you get a 3-0 series lead....Then it's gone.","[You get a 3-0 lead, that turns into a 3-1 lead, but it's still good, it's still good, but it turns into a 3-2 lead, but it's still good, it's still good, but it turns into a 3-3 tie, but it's still good, it's still good, but then you lose 4-3, then it's gone.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWvevkE0kAI)","http://i.imgur.com/sdDIG5K.gif?noredirect","Just use the Moose flair. AHL flair never fades :)","Please... forgive me","It would be even funnier if we face each other in the final.","You mean fullier ","I'm a Jets fan who went Dallas bandwagon, so I will root extra hard for you. ","Is there a grace period? I want to keep my original flair, but I changed to this bandwagon just because new flair is fun and I wanted to test it out.","What, no, fuck you, you're supposed to be getting Jagr another Cup.","Fuck that he's already got two, and the rest of the Panthers still have like, 20 years to win one.","Sharks Panthers final, I win either way.","It's like, give us some damn credit you know.","They get a better draft pick if we get to the WCF I think, I could be remembering wrong.","The Bruins have your 1st. I think the Polak conditional 2nd round pick happens next year.\n\n[source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_NHL_Entry_Draft#Traded_picks)","You won't be able to see them for much longer after today though.","even if the flyers lose, at least they didn't get shutout by their old back-up goalie and a #8 team. i wouldn't talk too much shit with your team collapsing.","&gt;at least they didn't get shutout by their old back-up goalie ~~and a #8 team~~\n\nLet's be real, Neuvirth was the team game 5.","I guess the caps had negative players since they couldn't do shit but get penalties.","Penalty minutes this series:\n\nFlyers - 109\n\nCapitals - 70","The only thing the caps did notably last game was get penalties.","And put 44 shots on net, and held the flyers to 10.  Like I said, Neuvirth was your team last game, nobody else showed up.","And like I said, no one on the caps bothered to show up.","Dude face it. Your team is being dominated in every way by the caps, and the only reason your team isn't out yet is because your goalie played out of his fucking mind last game.","Dude face it, this team wasn't even supposed to be in the playoffs and has gotten 2 wins against the best team in the league.","Did we watch the same game?  The caps completely outplayed the Flyers, Neuvirth stole the game.","You still lost, who cares about shots when you can't win?","The homer is strong in this one","But that 6-1 game in front of your home fans yikes.","It happens. Considering I didn't think highly that the Flyers would make the playoffs even a few games before the end, I'm happy they pulled a win after that shitstorm of a game.","ya i almost had to turn it off. Fans getting penatlites then players getting penalties thought for sure it was going to end in fighting but Flyers were just happy it was over by the end of it.","Can't even give friendly ribbing without someone getting all offensive. \n\nDid you not notice my bandwagon flair? They are not my team. My team is not a playoff team yet. But will be very shortly. ","You're the one who started shit-talking and then continued it and now want to complain? Don't want to get trash-talked, don't start slinging it.","All I said was the flair would be faded so you can't see it. \n\nYet you got offended and spewed off how the team I picked for a bandwagon got beat by a goalie last game. \n\nYou need to learn when trash talk is actually friendly and not hating. \n\n","It's cute when people bandwagon and try to shit-talk. Grow some thicker skin, I wasn't offended, just pointing out why the caps are in worse shape than the Flyers right now.","The team that is fully outplaying the flyers are in a worse spot?\n\nThe only reason the Flyers are close is because Neuvirth is standing on his head. \n\nBeing outshot 44-11 is a fucking embarrassment to a playoff team even if they won. ","Momentum matters, shots don't matter when they are mostly right into the goalie's pads. Flyers had way more shots in their first 3 games and lost. Last two game were low shots and wins.","A Columbus fan, no doubt.","Change yours to the Penguins then you yellow bellied piece of shit. If I owned a bracelet I'd throw it on your grave when you die at a young age since you and your family are all weak and feeble.","Are you ok?","Sometimes.","it's about the team, man","I hear you.  But the bad years make the good years feel so much sweeter.\n","I feel ya. Been a Stars fan for 20 years, but I was only 9 when they won their cup. It's been nothing but pain ever since. ","I dunno, like being able to say \"I've been a fan since before Game 1\".  Other teams may have a history, but their fans can't say they've been following them since their inception.","If I know Corey Perry, he's pissing off a lot of people and not giving a fuck. What I'm amazed at is how much hair Getzlaf has in that picture ","I'm a Sharks fan who likes Red Wagons","As a Toronto sports fan (Jays, Raptors, Leafs), I don't know the meaning of pleasure.\n\n","We did for one night last October thanks to Joey Bats. Then KC sent us back into depression. "]],"meirl":[["\"Grandad, you can't tame white supremacy with cheese!\"\n\n\"Oh, yes I can!\"\n\nBoondocks S1E1","That show sum gud shit","Except season 4. I like to pretend it never happened.","Thanks for letting me know. I've only seen the first two seasons so I'll just get through the third and stop.","because aaron mcgruder didn't have anything to do with s4 and someone else wrote it. I kinda wish it never happened","Just watch them all. Don't give up 3/4ths of the way through. Except suits, only first 2 seasons matter.","No, fuck that, don't even watch the 4th season. The original creator and writer left the show, after he stated he was done with it, Adult Swim tried to force him to make another season. He wasn't having it, so they went ahead without him.\n\nThat's how we got an entire episode that is literally just an advertisement for Apple, or an episode that's just a \"ghetto-fied\" version of the first episode of Breaking Bad, every single character has been flanderized into their simplest, one-sided form possible.\n\nI've never met a single individual who was a genuine fan of the first 3 seasons, who even remotely enjoyed the 4th. Adult Swim whored the Boondocks name out to try and profit off of it one last time, and it failed horribly.\n\nIt's worse than the live action Avatar: TLAB movie. I would literally recommend that movie over the 4th season.","da mo u know","Oh shoot, I've only seen the first two seasons of Suits, and I thought they were great. Does it get bad?","Becomes a basic drama","Well dang.\n\ni guess that's just another reason to compare it to White Collar, though.","Well it's not bad, it's just not as good","Nah, they're all worth watching IMO","You won't be missing much. ","I liked it better than season 1 :-\\ \n\nWhat? I'm a sucker for fluid animation, so sue me. ","I'm on the phone with my lawyer right now. ","👀👌🏻","👌👀","The circle of life","BOOTYBOOTYBUTTCHEEKS!","\"Shoot. Making white people riot. You better learn how to lie like me! I'm gonna find me a white man and lie to him right now.\"","Holy shit. That show does it for me.\n\n\"I'm gonna go find me a white man to lie to right now... Lie real good...\"\n\n","I crack up any time Uncle Ruckus (no relation) shows up, but my favorite bit of his is when Grandad is going on the \"Do It Big!\" weekend and Ruckus comes over to watch the kids,\n\n&gt; Hello Robert. I'd help you wit' yo bags, but you a coon.","We got Kraft, and we got Velveeta.","Did you just offer me cheese?\n\n\nYes I did\n\nI'd love some, thank you","I love that show!","Dubliner cheese by kerrygold","My go-to whenever I'm introducing someone to cheese that is better than the standard (pepper jack, bad cheddar, etc.) \n\nIt just works on everything!","But I like pepper jack on my melts :(","He didn't say it's bad, he just said it was standard","What's that taste like? I'm a Swiss or provolone man.","If I had to guess, I'd imagine it tastes like cheese.","Can confirm\n\nSource: ive eaten dubliner.\n\nI would recommend eating it with other foods (not by itself) as it is a very sharp cheese, however if you are into sharp cheeses i guess you could eat it by itself","pretty mild for a sharp cheese.... (I think it's perfectly fine on it's own.... though I do eat it with pickled olives, flatbread, and a mix of olive oil and vinegar)","It's an old firm cheddar. If you like this you should also try avonlea cheddar, it has very strong potato flavor and is one of the more unique cheeses I've tasted ","Dubliner Kerry gold is like an aged white cheddar.","In that case you need to try ammerlander swiss ","Imagine cheddar mixed with parmesan. It's fantastic.","gouda-like","What stores could I find some of this?","Costco has 2-pound blocks for ~$12","Trader Joe's carries kerrygold butter, they might have the cheese too. Super fresh had the cheese but I think they are all closed now.","Safeway in Canada.","YES I'm surprised to see it mentioned here","try the blarney castle. It's even better.","Muenster ","I love muenster on a burger. It brings something special cheddar or American can't. ","American isn't cheese...","It's different kinds of cheese put together","It's like interracial cheese","A melting pot of cheese, if you will.","America: racial fondue","Fuck yes.","Dear god, check your 24 other messages.\n\nAlso smoked Gouda.","Probably some stupid group text. ","It's a repost, I've seen it before ages ago","i love cheese","tru","Do these really ever happen on smartphones though? Who texts to a number and not a contact?  How do you get a wrong *number* and not a wrong *person*?","Only if someone like, wrote down their number for you and you messed up entering it or you got a new phone and the contacts didn't transfer ","Then how would you know you got the wrong number as soon as you texted?","You wouldn't. This is fake.","I had gotten a new phone and had zero numbers moved over because I'm dumb. Well later that night I was buying my daughter boots and wanted my moms opinion. I thought I knew her number by heart but I didn't. I sent some random lady 3 pictures of cowboy boots and asked which she liked. She replied she didn't know me and I apologized. I then sent her another picture, not realizing I typed in the exact same number since I deleted the previous texts that I sent the random lady, and she said \"Still not your mom but I like option 3 best.\" I apologized again and gave up trying to reach my mom.\n\n\nI picked option 3.","Yeah, but like this scenario, they realize before the other person says anything. Not likely. ","I have like... 6 saved numbers in my contact list, the rest are mostly guessing and hoping it's the correct person.","/r/TextsFromCharlieKelly","Got my hopes up...","See to the change that you want!","I'm with /u/Tyronne_Lannister, you make the sub and I'll start making OC for it. I'll promise you at least 10 text convo screencaps.","How much cheese is too much cheese?","[So, you guys ever eat cheese?](http://24.media.tumblr.com/d1ec5b85dbbe8b56c40e8be0454a0aaa/tumblr_mz4026RCxe1toi8p4o2_250.gif)","ANY amount of cheese is too much cheese, Charlie.","Pepperjack cheese","Tastes great on sandwiches.\n\nTastes God awful by itself. ","Whatever. I fucking love me a slice of cold pepper jack cheese. ","Yeah honestly I love eating it alone ","Well you can eat it on a sandwich alone too","I usually eat sandwiches alone cuz I have no friends.","You do everything alone anyways ","wrong.\n\ndelicious always. 24/7. even on holidays. no sick days for pepper jack cheese.","You're not wrong.","Yes he is. Pepperjack is fantastic alone, and putting a piece on a Ritz cracker is even better.","And putting it on naan is divine ","Herbed up havarti is the god of grilled cheese sandwiches ","Havarti and Pepperjack are the best","Please please gimme dat sweet pepperjack cheese","Havarti is my all time favorite. I always pick some up when I make turkey sandwiches after Thanksgiving.","You're wrong. Gruyere","YOU CAN SUCK MY CHEESY DICK, FAM","I like my cheese stringy so i usually do havarti and provalone. Perfect blend of gooey and stringy","GRUYERE\n\nNot sure how you'd go about to get your hands on it outside of Switzerland, but if you can, I highly recommend it","You can get it at any cheese monger, which you can find in any major regional city.  In large metros you can find it any nicer grocery's deli dept.  Trader Joe's, for example, carries Gruyere cheese.\n\nMy suggestion is [Cowgirl Creamery's Mt. Tam](https://www.cowgirlcreamery.com/our-cheeses/mt-tam) cheese.","Have you ever tried to find it at all? Is pretty easy ","No because I live in switzerland so I don't have to search for it","24 unread messages? /r/notme_irl","Here's one then","Beecher's Flagship","That's my home cheese, man. It's like the best features of all other cheeses, melted down into a right triangle.","*drooling intensifies*","I would eat only Beecher's for the rest of my life if I could. Considered using the giant $100 block of it as a wedding cake, and I'm still sad we didn't. ","Isn't (208) area code in Idaho? It was when i lived in Blackfoot. ","Yep. It's been the only area code for the entire state up until recently; 986 just got approved as the area code for all new Idaho numbers.","Looks like the new numbers wont be happening until late next year, so it's still the only area code for a while longer. It's going to be a weird change for Idaho to have another area code. ","I can still remember my old home number and it's been about 15 years since I lived there. \n\nI miss Idaho. ","Muenster is fuckin good on any sandwich I tell you hwat. ","Am I banned?","No","This is the good sub, not *the other one*","Here is a word cloud of every comment in this thread, as of this time: http://i.imgur.com/5HWTM7N.png\n\n---\n\n[^[source ^code]](https://github.com/Winneon/makeswordclouds) [^[contact ^developer]](https://reddit.com/user/WinneonSword) [^[request ^word ^cloud]](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=makeswordcloudsagain&amp;subject=Requesting%20word%20cloud.&amp;message=%2Bcreate%20REPLACE_THIS_WITH_A_REDDIT_POST_PERMALINK)","&gt;Cheese  \n\n&gt;Cheddar  \n\n&gt;Gouda white Love\n\nlooks about right\n\n","Aged Gouda - Rembrandt is a good brand. ","Swiss ","Emmental swiss, sweet baby jesus yes.","Provolone is very good","Sharp, sharp cheddar.  Extra-sharp.  Put-out-an-eye sharp. ","Fuuuuuuuuuuck yessss. If I take a bite of cheddar and I don't make a stink face its not good cheddar. ","If I take a bite of cheddar and don't make [this face,](http://i.imgur.com/kISgE.jpg) it's not good cheddar. ","Tillamook vintage white extra sharp cheddar, really expensive, totally worth it","If you ever have a chance to get your hands on 20 year cheddar, do it, not matter how much it costs. Anything above 15 is just a whole new world of cheese. ","Butterkase","Somerset Brie","**Old Amsterdam cheese** is the best cheese I've ever tasted. Perfect with roast potatoes or fries.","Soft cheese: Riopelle, Bianca (goat), Taleggio, 14 Arpents. Hard: cave aged gruyère, Avonlea Cheddar, old Amsterdam Gouda. If anyone has cheese questions bring em to me, I'm the cheese bitch. ","Asiago  ","Is it true that in the USA you're not allowed cheese from unpasteurised milk?\n\nI'm moving there soon and I'm going to miss it if that's the case.","No, it's not true. I see raw milk cheese at the grocery store all the time. ","It is the land of eating whatever the hell we want. \n\nFreedom. ","Except horsemeat, to my perpetual disappointment. ","I sometimes change my name on my works email signature to: Horse meat repacker and wholesaler. Plenty of business in Canada and Mexico.","Not Kinder Surprise eggs.    ;-;","You can get 'em on Amazon.","/r/MURICA ","they sell the cheese you just cant buy the milk","Mate, we have freedom here. We eat whatever we want. ","http://www.oola.com/dishes/13793/17-international-foods-that-are-totally-banned-in-the-us-have-you-tried-any-of-these-before/#page=1","This couldn't be more me 🧀 irl ","truffle cheese ","This might help, particularly if you want to melt your cheese.\n\nhttps://i.imgur.com/KLZLpIf.jpg\n\nhttps://i.imgur.com/vYbN9nA.jpg","Smoked cheddar. Stuff is great.","Triple crème brie is fucking amazing.","I would say Brillat Savrin or Etxegarai. Brillat Savrin is a triple cream brie with a ton of flavor. Kindof nutty and mushroomy. Etxegarai is a birch wood smoked sheep milk cheese from the Basque region of Spain. They are really nice and I wish everyone could try them .","Everyone here talking bout them cheddar variations, and I'm just here enjoying my feta, parmigiano reggiano and some good-ass mascarpone for dessert.","Any medium gouda. Just enough taste and smooth","Robiolla","I came here to see good cheese, not disapointed.","Miyoko's","Morbier is my favorite","Smoked Guda, wonderful eating cheese not good for cooking however.","Munster and gouda!!!","Beemster kaas natuurlijk. ","this has to be the most reposted picture on this website","Stinking Bishop","Saint Andre.","That shit made me cry. Just a few fresh blueberries and it's heaven. ","It's like better butter","Try delice de Bourgogne ","Tedcruz_irl","If you haven't had camembert you haven't lived.","/r/whitepeopletwitter","Fellow San Antonian here. Eat meunster","Anything triple creme, goat cheese, or good old Comte ","KerryGold Blarney Castle. It's the shit.","Oh, now I need cheese. Any kind will do. Really.","Spicy ","Abbot's Gold - cheddar with caramelized onions. ","Gruyère","I don't think I've ever identified more with a me irl.","Mmm Stilton, or if it's with biscuits maybe a bit of Wensleydale.","Provel \"cheese\" is my favorite, go ahead and judge me.","Kraft's American Singles.","This is totally something I would say. Also I'm partial to Gouda, Muenster, or Provolone for sandwiches. Sharp Cheddar from Costco, or blue cheese are both great on their own. Blue cheese and a fried egg make the best burgers. I love cheese. "],["burgerman","2 comments, can only see one, someone here's a shadowy ghost.","Spooky","Scary","Skeletons","Yeah. Reddit still shadowbans.","It's not a shadowban.","Oh. Then what happened? ","We have automod remove rulebreaking comments for us.","Sounds handy.","Why wouldn't it ?","Because they have been saying for the past 5 years that it is a temporary solution that was meant for spambots and they will stop doing it to regular users soon","&gt; that was meant for spambots\n\nCould be a spambot","Could be, but shadowbanning is still the only way they ban regular users","It's not like they'll just stop one day. They'll create a new method of preventing spam and hype it for a few months, they won't stop cold Turkey ","I'm a 6'4\" chef at Wendy's with a 9 inch cock making over $130,000 a year.","I'm a 6'5\" Denny's cook and I make $130,001  a year, suck my 10 incher","I'm 4'1\" homeless bum, I make about $3,5 a decade, suck my 1 inch micropenis","Damn dude, I can't even try to beat that tree fiddy","/r/notinteresting","Me_irl","Me additional thank you","Nice job, burgerlar. "],["Is there a suberddit dedicated for this guy?","/r/pakalupapito kind of, but it's really inactive.","just like my sex life","/r/meirl","Love this guy, he's my spirit animal!"]],"NSFW_GIF":[["Did she get the part?","The audition process never ends","[Sauce](http://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=1617136172)","Jesus, what are these fucking questions...What do you like about sex? lol","( . ) ( . )","[I find the most erotic part of a woman is the boobies](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eMbEmeu85EU)","I like when the sex happens","Umm.... It feels good.","I don't know how she does it, but Mia always makes me believe.","Unicorns? Ghosts? Aliens?... Mia always makes me believe.","That link name","Everytime I see anything about Mia Malkova I remember of this http://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=ph57085152e3499","This has recently enriched my live in ways I couldn't imagine","do tell","Is that real? It's got to be fake, right?","No, it's real. The mom wanted to make sure they weren't hurting her. ","That's a great vid if it is legit","castingcouch does non \"amateurs\" now?","Ah, she is just so... *nice.*","never lets me down, this gal.","Has she done anal yet?","Yup. A couple times now. Here's the first one\n\nhttp://m.spankbang.com/48s1/video/mia+malkova+stretch+my+ass+first+anal","father stretch my ass","Maybe that's what all the choral chants and moaning in the beginning are about ","Only with her woman bashing husband Danny Mountain. ","Woman bashing? Need Details ","http://www.lukeisback.com/2009/04/eva-angelina-exclusive-split-with-her-husband-porn-stud-danny-mountain-domestic-violence-charges/","Thank you God Sir!","Has her ass been confirmed to be real? She's got such a insane bubble butt. Hard to believe. ","Well, what would constitute confirmation? I'm pretty sure she's *said* it's real, but it's not like she's submitted to an x-ray or something.\n\nPorn stars tend to have amazing bodies. That's why the market selects them to be porn stars. If you could reliably use surgery to make a penis huge or make a face beautiful, we'd be questioning those things as well. ","Most porn stars also have been augmented so it's a fair question ","Generally speaking, my rule is, if it moves like it's real, it probably is.\n\nSilicone doesn't pop like that. At all.","Yeah. That strangely defined section where her thigh meets her ass cheek in this gif is what has me questioning. Just looks unnatural. Just curious. ","I mean, I'm not saying I've looked at X-Rays of her or anything, but any time she's standing up you can tell her skeleton is…different.\n\nLike, she's not really even big-boned or anything, she's just built differently from most people. I don't know, there's just something odd about it.","Its \"real\" in the sense that it's probably just a fat injection. Silicon ass implants(and to an extent tit implants) aren't really a thing anymore since injections are so much better looking and kinda real. ","I bet she feels real nice","\"Casting Mia Malkova\" as if there ever was any doubt","Wait WAIT. Guys guys this is weird but play this in the background.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KV2ssT8lzj8\nit fits?\n\nto me it does, accidentally found this out cause i was too lazy to stop music.\n\nAlso kinda high.","No it totally fits, but I'm high too","So awesome ","well.. thats an unfortunate gfycat url \"UglyWhoppingDonkey\"","Casting couch-X.com filmed this AFTER she was already famous..... Nice try though","Is there a full video for this porn?","http://upornia.com/videos/214599/casting-couch-x-video-mia-malkova/","She should have a sub","/r/MiaMalkova ?","No he means she should have subway.","Or a sub she can dominate\n\nI can see her dominating the cold cut trio or Italian bmt","Really hope she doesn't have herpes after all the porn:(","Everyone in porn has herpes, it's just part of the deal. ","Is this a joke, or legitimate?","Crazy to me that people are willing to do that","[You probably have herpes, and that's okay.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aU4VcOQzQm0)","I don't have herpes.  Also I really don't understand what this video is supposed to prove.  Calling them \"little red bumps\" is just blatant minimization of the problem, and is the type of mentality that leads to people not disclosing their status, thus perpetuating this issue.  Very stupid video.","You said it's crazy to you that people are willing to get herpes in order to make a living from having sex. I'm just trying to put it in perspective for you. To quote the video, \"most people don't even develop symptoms.\"\n\nedit: Nothing personal, but I think you should tell your therapist about how you repeatedly bring up herpes in discussions where it's completely out of place. Might be a topic to explore.","Just saw your edit: I've actually talked to my therapist about my fear of herpes, and they've acknowledged it's a legitimate concern for someone in my demographic. Bringing it up on reddit has allowed me to have many discussions I would not have otherwise been able to have in real life:) Pretty nifty use of the site imo\n\n","It's a temporary living with permanent repercussions, though.  It's not like you're set for life financially after you do porn for a little bit.  It's good money in the short run compared to a wage-based job, but it's not as much as people act like it is, and the type of girls who go into it without realizing this aren't the type who are going to be saving for retirement anyways.\n","You're not interested if she does huh? Man she's gonna be disappointed ","Or I just don't want bad things to happen to people.","Rightttt. You're snooping around nsfw gif wondering about the integrity of the porn ladies lips. And I assume commenting on the other ones voicing your concern too right?","Have a look at the commenting history - this fool just likes to pretend they care about spreading the word of the dangers of herpes but is really just a shallow troll with problems.","Again, having discussion about ones sexual health is not trolling, nor is it foolish, and the fact that you define it that way is truly alarming.  People considering this topic too taboo to talk about is the exact reason it is such a pervasive issue.  You should be adult enough to realize this is a legitimate thing to be concerned about for anyone who is sexually active.","You need professional help - please get it.","Luckily I do not have herpes:)","Have you tested yourself? Most people have herpes and don't know it.","Yes, I have, and I do not have either strain.  I'm aware that most people have it, which is why I am wary of contracting it.","I'll take your word for it - you do have a mental illness though. I sincerely hope you get help with it.","Wanting to maintain physical and psychological health is not a mental illness:)","I look at whatever's on the front page, I'm not really snooping around anywhere.  You can have herpes both genitally and orally btw"],["#3 man,  she's in the God dam zone ","She'd be a helluva DJ","Veronica Rodriguez in the middle she can Fucking get it ","I would choose Veronica.","1 3 2","The girls are: Veronica Rodriguez, Nina North and Zoey Taylor\n\n[source] (http://spankbang.com/igyd/video/veronica+nina+zoey+perfect+pussies)","**3, 2, 1**.","I like the one in middle.","Ditto","Nina... look how wide she spreads\n","That's something Dick might say","The blonde","1","3 seems like the most fun!","I'll take that awesome couch!","Yummy - http://www.4sextube.net/videos/3717/veronica-rodriguez-nina-north-and-zoey-taylor-perfect-pussies/"],["At first I read it as Yordano Ventura, the pitcher for the Royals. I was very confused.","Same here. That would certainly be a clubhouse convo starter","LMAO","Justin Bieber got to hit that. Hate your life even more now knowing this? Me too. ","Every time I see one of those \"Bieber surprises a fan\" videos, I look at the ones who are above the age of consent and think he hit it and made them sign nondisclosure agreements. ","Yeah apparently for any party these girls attend with him they're asked to sign an nda by his crew beforehand. ","Did he really? Were they together or something?","Intanimated?","For the Bieber thing, I wouldn't say anyone should be upset. That's girl on girl action. ","27 points. Gj reddit on being a 14 year old thats as out of touch as a 60 year old","Bruh","Mango Deck in Cabo San Lucas.","Looks like the RedNeck Porn Awards.... You can see cousin Cooter in the background.....","https://www.instagram.com/yoventura/","/r/YovannaVentura ","Where can I download this ","[Sauce](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-H3-mCzMTU)","Thanks, jeez she's got a great body ","Great view. \nOh, also those mountains aren't bad I guess. "]],"KenM":[["I would love to meet Ken's pastor someday ","They do went to the agnostic church. His wife is a practicing agnostic.","His grandson dive them there and after they go to FedEx to pick up sausage product. ","Those low-fat sausages filled with air?","His pastor has a lot of GOOD points.","Very GOOD points, peace. ","The best points.","Terrific points","He's the best at points","The points got 10 points higher.","MAKE POINTS GREAT AGAIN","Don't we love our points?","I love how a thread can start with reposts of Ken M and turn into Donald Trump and no one questions it.","Build a big ~~4, 6, 8, 10, 12,~~ 14 billion dollar point to keep the Mexicans out. ","Speak for yourself.","Points love me!","Can someone link me to the original GOOD point post?  I don't think I've ever seen it and I've even tried some hardcore Googling.","Here https://i.imgur.com/9ZVOmAs.png","Aw... it's not capitalized.  I'm a little disappointed if I'm being honest.","KenM never said \"GOOD point\" however he did say both \"[good point from my wife](http://i.imgur.com/9ZVOmAs.png)\" and \"[GOOD product we always put pepper on it in our household](http://i.imgur.com/bvGPsQg.jpg)\"","I love that post so much. The fucking magazines in the oven","Aha","Oh my gosh, perfect!  Thank you. ","No problem","Ken M lore is best lore.","GOOD point, I'll be sure to save a link to this comment and print it out to be stored in my \"things to research more about\" folder in my filing cabinet. ","I think i'm gonna vomit","hi buddy boo :D","hi dinks","*;","I agree","we are ALL googling on this fine day","Speak for yourself","I am ALL googling on this fine day","I wonder if his pastor is his wife.","Is his pastor his wife?","We seem to have forgotten our good friend, the GOOD points?","GOD point from my pastor...","[deleted]","What is wrong with you!?","I thought his pastor was a practicing agnostic?","We are all Ken M's pastor on this blessed day","I'd like to hear him read my favorite Jesus quote, \"Vulgarity is the fool's fig leaf.\"","Who doesn't LOVE tacos?","My pastor says life begins at ejaculation","The only people who support abortions are people who have already been born.","Well, you're not wrong...","And such this is the magic of Ken M.\n\nHis best trolls are ones where he's not *wrong*, just aggravating enough. ","But that's an actual quote from Ronald fucking Reagan.","The original troll who captured the hearts of a nation.","A bawdy man who flew in the face of adversity","...And then ate them.","Check your postnatal privilege!","GOOD point","crap I saw that on a bumper sticker a couple days ago\n\ndid I get trolled on the highway?  :\\","I think it's a reagan quote","So, yes.","1-0","This quote itself isn't as dumb as people make it out to be. ","Idiot","Account that spams nothing but \"Idiot\" in KenM threads... quite the original memelord.","But 'idiot' is a KenM meme","Linda White is a commentator on one particular Ken M post who said \"idiot\".\n\nIf you don't get the meme, don't hate on it.\n\nEdit: nice edit there /u/mushbug, now my comment is just rude :(","idiot","Just noticed you edited your comment, lol","You must not have much of a life.","Well that's uncalled for","/r/jerktalkdiamond","I think that guy downvoted my comment, what a rude boy","Well, you said something with which he disagreed. Isn't that the way it works on reddit? ","é_è\n\n(This is an emoticon that only French people can type. It carries a lot of meaning, too.)","To be fair, none of us asked to be born. What if we would have preferred to be aborted? ","My DOCTOR says that bad dietary habbits are revealing of a sub conscious desire to have been aborted","Ok Ken ;)","Speak for yourself","We are all abortions on this blessed day :)","I am all dank on this meme'd day :)","Me too, thanks.","That sounds suspiciously like something Ken would say...","What about our good friend, meiosis?","Kids shouldn't be exposed to meiosis until their adults but don't try calling cps cause they won't do nothing ","I was exposed to meiosis at age 14...","I went on the internet and got exposed to meowtosis","Kids shouldn't be exposed to the internet until age 18.","Imagine how well adjusted and successful I'd be if that were true. ","first one on the list ","Let us not forget our other friend, osmosis.","Even reverse osmosis is regular old osmosis. ","I wasn't a huge fan of his movie though.","Everyone's *very* good friends with your ol' sis ;)","The bible says that's a trick from the devil","Why are we leaving osmosis out?","In case you really don't know, mitosis and meiosis are both processes in cell reproduction.  Osmosis just describes particle movement.\n","Do I look like a biologist or a hydrologist? ","Valid points, but hypnosis was left out as well. ","you mean GOOD friend?","I love that the other persons argument was based off of price, and nothing else.","KenM can afford the expense. His son makes 6k figures.","That's how he can afford to live in Central Park","KenM doesn't need to work since he won the lottery. He and his wife both quit their jobs and live a frugal life style. ","And he seemed unknowing towards what a cell was ","Nobody ever cares how the money feels :'(","This may be the first time I've seen someone trolling KenM.","I just don't understand why he wants to scan sperm covered cats.","It seemed more like he was joking along than arguing.","love the \"peace\" at the end","*drops mic*",",,,","really,,","!!!!","Boom, roasted","They wanted only a partial ellipse. ","GOOD point from my wife: instead of using ultrasound, they could use a lower quality, LESS expensive sound.","My wife made a good point the other day. She said we shouldn't be teaching these people to abort their cells, but rather they should give them to an adoptive family peace.","Your wife's a breath of fresh air on this blessed day, peace","We are ALL a breath of fresh air on this blessed day","Speak for yourself.","I am ALL a breath of fresh air on this blessed day","GOOD point by your wife.","My local sanitation dept receives regular donations on my behalf ","Not just any adoptive family though. You and your wife should adapt all those cells. Not me because I am all for abortion.","The kind of people that reply to comments on articles directly always strike me as overly passionate and a little unbalanced. ","Have you been on /r/KenM before?","Yeah. I'm not referring to Ken's comments, I mean other people's ","It's like reading comments in liveleak sometimes","we are ALL nuclei on this blessed day :)","Speak for yourself.","i am ALL nuclei on this blessed day :)","Truly, the nucleus is our peephole through which we can gaze at the everlasting crucible of life on this lonely little planet - our friend, planet Earth.","there are more nuclei in our precious earth than then there are earths in this whole planet.","WTF is that second person even talking about? That comment makes no sense whatsoever. You can't MRI or CAT scan the sperm. One, because the technology being used is not suitable, and two it's become a zygote, and has transformed into an embryo, or fetus. What a yutz.","I think he was trying to troll too, he just had no idea what he was up against.","#CellLivesMatter","The mitochondria is the powerhouse of the fetus","&gt;our pastor says life begins at mitosis\n\nlolololololol","That was the clincher. Had a nice giggle from that.","Life actually begins at erection, Ken.","Which came first, the boner or the babby man","We could solve this problem by making babies give boners. Cycle of life.","Meiosis, actually","I'm pretty sure that's the joke.","Surprisingly, Ken is actually correct. Meiosis is the creating of the gametes from germ cells, however once a zygote (fertilized egg) is created it splits through mitosis ","That's right. I suppose I'm not a deep enough thinker like ken's pastor","GOOD point.","The bit I'm bothered about is the use of \"women\" as a singular.","...welcome to /r/KenM?  \n\n","I've seen people do that, but for some reason I have never seen anyone do the same with the word man/men.","Omfg \"life begins at mitosis\" new all time favorite","that last line...Gold Jerry! Gold!!","I love when Ken tries to get hip with it and signs out with a \"peace\"...just trying to stay fresh with the kids, ya dig?","Fuck that's good.","Donating blood is OK because red blood cells don't have nuclei. Take *that* Jehovah's Witnesses!\n\n(don't mind the white blood cells)","\"Our pastor says the road to hell is paved with happiness\"","I find it odd that people always talk about giving rights to unborn sperm. A sperm isn't nucleated like an egg cell so it doesn't have a soul.","Sperm have nuclei.","I asked my wife about this, and you are incorrect. A sperm has a \"nucleus\", not a \"nuclei\".  It's an easy mistake to make.  \n\n","In going to assume you are joking. But in case you aren't, I meant sperm in the plural.  ","I understand. I'm just saying that if sperms had nucleis, that would be a lot of wasted souls.","&gt;\"Our pastor says life begins at mitosis\"\n\nbeautiful","Here is a word cloud of every comment in this thread, as of this time: http://i.imgur.com/a3nnfHZ.png\n\n---\n\n[^[source ^code]](https://github.com/Winneon/makeswordclouds) [^[contact ^developer]](https://reddit.com/user/WinneonSword) [^[request ^word ^cloud]](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=makeswordcloudsagain&amp;subject=Requesting%20word%20cloud.&amp;message=%2Bcreate%20REPLACE_THIS_WITH_A_REDDIT_POST_PERMALINK)","GOOD, POINT, WIFE. lolololo loliosis","Classic Ken. ","Sperm and eggs divide by meiosis, not mitosis! God, Ken M is such an idiot! :)","NO LIFE BEGINS AT FERTILIZATION\n\nSOME OF MY BEST FRIENDS ARE FERTILIZED EGG CELLS","My grandson is an ultrasound technician.  This may ASSURE him a job. ","People actually believe that, though.","Please change your name ","What?","#PLEASE CHANGE YOUR NAME \n***\n\n##[^^^I ^^^am ^^^a ^^^bot, ^^^and ^^^I ^^^don't ^^^respond ^^^to ^^^myself.](https://np.reddit.com/r/CantHearYouBot/)","It's a KenM reference. ","Uh, good point.","[deleted]","He's well aware of his magnificence.","He does, he's actually a mod on the sub. /u/KennyEmmy","Oh, I didn't know.","Reddit really knows how to drive a joke into the ground. Does every single thread need someone to post 'Good point by my wife' and 'We are all X'? They usually aren't even relevant but for some reason you retards still upvote them. It's like you're too stupid to check if something is actually funny, you just think 'hurt durr someone said the thing!' and upvote them.","Decent post, but as a certified life coach I would add a tenth item to your list.","[deleted]","Well life does begin at mitosis, peace.","You missed the point","He's losing his touch","Fuck KenM","He's already taken."],["The best part is that the second commenter mocks Ken for his *correct* use of 'was a kid'.","When I beed a kid.","How can someone feel confident enough to correct someone else's grammar and then be completely wrong? At least check if you aren't sure. Ken truly exposes the ignorance of Internet commenters.","Pretty sure it's because he said doller. It's dollar. Lol","Yes, but when Ken says \"when I *was a kid, he is grammatically correct. And that is what the next commentor (commenter?) makes fun of. ","No it isn't, he's quoting the time period that Ken m is referring to. He's saying \"when you were a kid, Ken, did they have spelling tests?\" because Ken spelled dollar wrong","I don't think that you're right,  but I'll give you the benefit of the doubt because I'm not certain that I'm right either. ","Im fairly certain I'm right because the commenter is talking about spelling mistakes and there are no spelling mistakes in the quoted portion. And that its its an actual insult that makes sense\n\n\n(imagine as if this was a conversation between two people in real life, the quote would be said in a mockery of Ken m) ","You probably are, I just am not sure how it could be used in mockery when Ken didn't use it incorrectly.  It seems like the commentor thought Ken used it wrong, and *attwmpted* to mock him, when really Ken used it right. ","No but he's not mocking the quoted part. He's directly quoting the part to talk about Ken when he was a child. ","Yes but why quote? If he had simply said \"when you were a kid, Ken, did they have spelling tests?\" the meaning would be clear. All that quoting accomplishes is making his comment grammatically incorrect. ","Because this is something people do in real life, it's a pretty common thing","This is exactly what I'm understanding the comment as. Thank you ","We are ALL right on this BLESSED day!","See, that's where the confusion lies. It seems to me that he could have just said \"when you were a kid\", rather than quoting Ken and saying \"when you was a kid\". ","Set them niggas shtraight","Shouldn't it be - When you \"[were] a kid\" - to be the most correct?","Yes, but the point isn't to be correct it's to directly quote them. It's mockery, it doesn't work if you change what they say","I think the issue, as people have pointed out, is that he's mocking the grammatically correct part of the comment.","But he's not mocking Ken FOR that part of the sentence ","That's the problem ;3","GOOD point but from when my wife was a kid","i think hes just trolling back","It says something about Yahoo! that in 30 minutes, the only criticism he got was about his \"spelling.\"","Poor Ken had to repeat the joke because no one bit the first time.","we are all blessed by our dollers on this day","Speak for yourself.","I am all GOOD point from my nephew grandson making $6k million doller figures on this blessed meme 😆😆😆 xD","Drift95 might be a troller himself!"],["grandson is about to be the only 1 in our family to pass the 1nd grade","Calc u later, dudes","Jason is onto Ken","God it's like a vigilante Philomena Cunk.... I love it.","I think all the grammar mistakes are a bit overkill. It kind of gives away the trolling a bit ","Is a calculater better than my calculator? Can I use it to do my multiplication tables?","They are more accurate but the results are delayed."]],"TumblrInAction":[["What a horrible attitude to have, especially if you're disabled.","That's something that doesn't get discussed much outside of the disabled community itself, I feel. No one really talks about what percent of us are fucking assholes.\n\nTwo common personalities amongst the disabled: those that milk it for all its worth, no one ever says no to them and thus you get these entitled, spoiled rotten assholes, OR the ones where I guess a parent has self-esteem issues on their behalf and thus makes the disabled child grow up obsessed with overcoming adversity and proving their disability doesn't hold them back. The latter of those two may not seem so bad, but I once had an optometrist who was a nationally recognized cyclist (sorry, afraid I forget his name cause I didn't care) and the moment the dude hears I'm missing a leg in the EXACT same fashion as he is? \"Oh, we've gotta get him involved in cycling.\" Uh I'm sorry what? We do? Do I get a say in this cause that doesn't sound remotely interesting to me. You go cycle and feel like a slave towards proving yourself equal, I'm gonna chill out, crack a few jokes and hit on women, because that's what I enjoy doing with my free time: I enjoy socializing. It has nothing to do with picking something where my disability doesn't get in the way and everything to do with just legitimately enjoying socializing with people. Crazy how I could show interest in something that has zero correlation - positive or negative - with my disability, right?","So the leg thing, does that make it easier or harder with the ladies?","I have no fucking clue whatsoever, nor will I ever know. \n\nThat's actually somewhat of a sensitive subject for me just cause my mom has, on multiple occassion, expressed concern that I'll have difficulty finding a partner because one leg is unattractive. Not gonna lie, hearing that hurts, and it hurts me in such a way that....so I've asked women before if they care, and I've realized that I completely filter out their answers. If I'm told they don't care, I assume they're being polite, so yeah, my mom \"scarred\" me in the sense I dunno if it's something that matters or not.\n\n  I *have* been told I'm one hot motherfucker on multiple occassions, and I've realized that again, I have no idea if that's true or if I'm a niche sort of attractive that some women will find attractive rather than a universal kind of attractive. Like if I catch a woman staring at me in town or on the bus? My thought is \"probably wondering why I limp,\" not \"she's checking me out.\"\n\nI mean overall it doesn't bother me or stress me or anything, nor does it in any way hold me back (if you were asking if I have a healthy love life, absolutely), but I do find it rather unfortunate that it's absolutely destroyed my sense for if a random girl is attracted to me or not, simply because I assume the worst and that means sometimes I'm being checked out and my thought it just \"it's a prosthetic. That's why I limp. If I flash it will you stop staring?\"","Katawa Shoujo has taught me that you don't need to have all your legs, arms, eyes, ears or skin still attached or in perfect working order to have a bunch of weebs cry and jerk off to you. I think you'll manage, so long as your route is interesting and you're a well-written character.","&gt; bunch of MALE weebs cry and jerk off to you\n\nFTFY. Men will jerk off to a piece of particularly [curvy driftwood](https://youtu.be/3OfJk0Zh-IA?t=53)","I heavily doubt the existence of female weebs.\n\nBut I'm sure if they exist some of them have played KS. \n","Female weeb here, we exist in great numbers. I have played every route in Katawa Shoujo (but Rin owns my heart)","Please, I bet you're just a guy pretending to be a girl. Everyone knows girls don't exist on the internet. ","Lmao u got me bb &lt;3","They exist. I've met them, dated one that volunteered for a local weeb convention and saw more of them. They're just as bad as the guys, they just shower slightly more often and have a weird fixation with gay anime sex.","They're called fujoshi. Where do you think all the yaoi comes from and why there's such a huge market for it?","Crispy bacon","If AFlyingNun is a crispy bacon style shoujo I will... Hug him real good and tell him everything is okay...\n\n^^^^Hanako ^^^^is ^^^^best","I haven't played it in so long \n\n^^^^Emi ^^^^is ^^^^better\n\n","Lily is best","Why does it matter if you are niche or universally attractive?\n\nIf they like you, go with it. It's better to enjoy being wanted, than to piss away the opportunity by trying to figure out why. ","I just meant that I feel like a normal person would, after the dozenth time of being told they're super hot, become more confident when someone stares and be more likely to assume they're attractive and that's the reason for the looks. But since I dunno if the looks are for my leg or my appearance, I just don't start assuming that.\n\nI guess the best way I could explain it is that I've met 1-2 women in my life who I found absolutely gorgeous, but because of how they were treated as kids, they were unaware of this. (one was mocked for childhood obesity, another actually had a very attractive natural blonde streak in her otherwise black hair, but kids being kids, made fun of it because it stands out) Both of them, when they get stares, seem more uncomfortable rather than flattered, completely oblivious to the fact they're gorgeous. They probably likewise think they're a niche sort of attractive, the difference being that you don't gain the confidence and the self-assurance in the face of stares that you would if you believed yourself to be a universal sort of attractive.\n\n\nAnd I just want to clarify: I don't suffer from low self-esteem, nor do stares bother me. I'm fine with all of it. I was just answering the guy's question, with my answer being that sadly I cannot give a good answer.","What everybody else here is saying is on point.  I'm all in one piece and I'll never really believe a woman likes me for me.  Sometimes life is just cool like that.","I'm with you here. Not only am I all in one piece, but I would go so far as to say I'm pretty good-looking. But last relationship I had, the girl left me abruptly for a bloke who looked like a second-rate Sheldon Cooper. I will freely admit that when it comes to relationships, I don't have a shadow of a clue what the fuck I'm doing, but shit like that can really fuck up your self-image.","Alright, you shared a personal story so I'll share mine.  I married a very pretty young woman who ended up being a sociopath, and I'm not using that term in a mean-spirited way.  I have suspicions that she legitimately did not feel 'feelings' the way the rest of us do.\n\nWell, she fucked my best friend from childhood and collapsed my social circle (All my friends knew and did not tell me, poor choice of people to call friends I suppose).  There's a lot more to it, of course, but long story short I can no longer form deep, trusting relationships with anybody.  I don't have a door to my \"inside\" anymore, it's all walls, and this is super, super socially crippling for me.  People think I'm a social ice-cube but really I just don't know how to be friends/companions any longer.  I perpetually have one ear cocked, waiting for the next shoe to drop.\n\nIt's funny because folks will tell me \"Oh don't worry, it will pass\" but guys, it's been 3 years.  I don't even care about any of them anymore, I realize I just made a poor choice of who to trust.  That doesn't solve my inability to connect though.  Anymore I don't even want friends.  They are just another variable I cannot account for.","I've been told im attractive a good bit since I grew my hair our and gained weight. As a guy I don't think you ever get past the weird feeling when girls stare. It doesn't happen often so when it does you think maybe you have a weird expression of your hair looks weird. Or maybe your clothes suck,or shes thinking of a joke to tell her friend and that's why they're laughing when you walk by.","When girls stare at me I like to imagine they are checking my guns out.\n\nThis is because I Identify as an Attack Helicopterkin. They are impressed by the non binary, genderfluid 30 mm cannons and AMG-114 Hellfire missiles on my body. That they want to call me \"Apache\" and respect my right to kill from above and kill needlessly. If they can't accept me then they are a heliphobe and need to check their vehicle privilege. ","God dammit.","Well it's your right to believe that.","Gained fat or muscle?","Little bit of both for a while, till I cleaned the diet up. I graduated high school at 6'2, 160lbs. I only ate one meal a day through high school and ran/swam all the time. I got to a military college for my first semester and began actually eating 3x a day, everyday, and kept exercising. I grew to 180lbs after that semester and was starting to actually look healthy. I transferred to a different school and since I had decided not to join the military, I decided to stop running so much and start lifting. I began eating like crazy to bulk, after two years I was up to 215 and lifting pretty heavy after a year of devoted power lifting. I cut out red meat from my diet, soda, and one of my two lunch sandwiches. I dropped to 195 and haven't been able to get higher since(it's been 2 years since I dropped the weight). So now I hover around 195lbs at 6'2 with a solid build. This is my build now http://imgur.com/PDZToDX, but my hair is a good bit longer. ","That was more info than I expected, I have no further questions.","Trust me there is no such thing as a truly normal person. I've got some problems with my head and for a long time I was obsessed with trying to be normal. I'm still not happy about the problems I have but I've stopped going insane trying to be normal. I can understand if it's harder for you to see it that way but it helped me get a grip and stopped pretending to be something I'm. ","Been told I'm good looking (to varying degrees of attractiveness up to \"hot\") over a dozen times. Have not become confident, self-esteem already damaged. We're still the same.","[deleted]","&gt; Plus the whole \"oh, yeah, we're skipping this fucking line; fuck you, Disneyland.\"\n\nCedar Point, Top Thrill Dragster. You can look it up if you're not familiar with it.\n\nI'm not fond of taking advantage of my disability unless I feel it's warranted. I can absolutely stand long amounts of time, so I didn't wanna play that card. I waited in line at every ride in the park. \n\nAfter maybe two hours in line, me and my friends are next, guy at the last \"gate\" or whatever says \"hey...is that a prosthetic leg?\" No one else had ever done this up to this point. I answer \"yeah? why?\" He answers \"sorry we cannot let you go on this ride unless we have a signed note from your doctor saying your prosthetic is safe to wear on such a ride.\" \n\nNever got to ride it. I waited long, too. Fuck you, random Cedar Point worker with a hawkeye for prosthetics, trying to save my life and shit.","[deleted]","I'd have been hopping mad in that situation. ","I know that ride!!!\n\nApparently they're anal about safety for it, when I was there they kept shutting it down because it kept lightly spitting. Like 5 minutes of mist, nope the ride would close for half an hour. \n\nI was really determined to ride it, I love nitro cars (anything that shoots flames out of it, really) so I waited 5 hours.\n\nI never did get to ride it, it started pissing rain at about 9 so we just went home :( it's still on my bucket list","If it makes you feel better, like everyone feels like that, not just disabled people","Yeah right, everyone knows you fucking two-leggers are always thinking about all that weird two-legger shit. Yknow, like dancing and firewalking and jerking off to erotic pictures of feet.\n\nGod, you fucking two-leggers sicken me.","Hey man you should channel that negative energy into cycling","CLEARLY","Jesus, we're not all Quentin Tarantino.","Yeah! I'm more of a calves/thighs kind of guy myself","To be fair I do think about dancing a lot. But that might be because I haven't been to practice in several weeks due to exams...","I'm severely lacking in personal desire and ambition to the point where I just do whatever my friends wanna do. A couple years ago my friends were clubbers, and I'm serious when I say I don't understand dancing whatsoever. I can do it, I got hit on for dancing like MJ to Billie Jean once, but I get absolutely zero enjoyment from it.\n\nYou two-leggers got weird hobbies. I mean it'd be like if I said \"SHIT I GOT HANDS, THIS IS SO AWESOME, BETTER GO TO A CLUB AND WAVE THEM AROUND ALL NIGHT.\"","Club dancing I also don't understand. Seriously, thought about it a lot. Its the weirdest mix of intimate and distant. It has an obvious communal element (friends, dance floor etc) and yet also seem to be so insular and unconnected; everyone dances in their own space, to the music which is common but not seeking to connect with the other dancers. People in that sense I think don't really dance *with* others they dance *at* others. Like some sort of mating ritual, which I guess it is.\n\nFor my own part I dance International Ballroom and Latin, Scottish Ceilidh, and Swing. At least that has a sense of artistic expression and Ceilidh is very communal. Hell, Ballroom and Latin is an Olympic recognised sport.","&gt; Its the weirdest mix of intimate and distant.\n\nOne club visit in particular, I remember this girl grinding her ass against me for like a solid two minutes. My friends are always judgy and don't take kindly to my commitment issues; they'll hook up on the fly, I've NEVER hooked up at a club. Closest I ever got was some drunk girl getting me drunk while telling me I looked too artistic to be studying something dull like law before we ended up making out and both leaving (to puke) and forgetting to get each other's numbers. That night they gave me a hard time, now this girl's grinding against me, so I thought \"alright wtf I'll give it a go.\" After two minutes I'm sure that's not an accident, so I decide to put my hands on her hips (not her ass, hell no I wasn't moving fast). She IMMEDIATELY swung around giving me a look like I just raped her. WTF BITCH SRSLY?? Like look if you thought I was someone else, ok, but don't act like I'm just some perv grabbing girls at random.\n\nAnd I mean honestly I really don't get why I'd wanna hook up there. A dorm party with students playing music, drinking and chatting? Love those. A club? Dude I can barely scream my name in her ear loud enough for her to hear it, why the fuck would I hook up with these people? How do I know I'm not grinding against the town loon?\n\nThe majority of my club time can be summed up with me sitting at the bar drinking whisky and wondering why the fuck I was there in the first place.","Hey mate, as a fellow disabled guy I can tell you the actual truth to the question 'to people care?' \n\nThe vast majority of the time? 99.9% the answer is 'no'. People are non-observant, self obsessed and apathetic. \n\nThey don't notice things about other people most of the time. Even if they do? They don't care enough to let a 'minor' observation sway major interactions. \n\nI've been in the same place as you. I don't know if this will get ignored but people don't care about your disability. They care about *you* and how you live your life. ","\"No one is thinking about you\".\n\nA great dude I knew a long time ago told me that, when I was worrying about how I came off.  Liberating.","What if they are wondering, \"why is that attractive guy limping?\" :) I know you feel self conscious, but as you've shown your disability doesn't define you. I think everyone wonders why someone might be staring at them... and a lot of us jump to the negative, which is us just being cruel to ourselves. Not that it means anything, but I wouldn't be bothered by it, and I'm not just being polite. You sound like a cool dude. Keep smiling and keep confident - that's what girls find most attractive! ","Nah it's not even feeling self-concious, like I don't stress out or anything if people stare at me. It's understandable that people are curious about that kind of thing and are staring to figure out the issue, and sure enough most stop staring once they've figured out the issue. It's just yeah as I said, I do NOT know if I'm being checked out or not. The most common reason to be stared at for me is my limp, so I always assume that. It doesn't bother me or upset me (unless it's little kids, those weird little fuckers say and do all sorts of stuff), but it does mean it overrides any other assumptions one might make. \n\nLike honestly, my dad could have other kids for all I know. Say one day I'm at a train station and a sister I don't know I have is staring at me realizing we may damned well be related due to similarities in appearance. While she's solving the riddle, I'd just be thinking \"yep, I'm disabled. If you stare long enough maybe it'll grow back!\"","ah I see! that makes sense. Sorry for being presumptuous there really is no way I could relate to that :( because no matter what I think people might be staring at me for it is always speculation never something that is obviously different about me! thanks for sharing your thoughts~","Nah man...you've got a leg up on the competition. I'm just gonna go out on a limb and say you're probably gonna get better girls than I will because you'll find ones who don't care. Like...when you go out there to date, at least you can say \"The dating game is afoot\". \n\n (If you didn't like my puns, please forgive me. If you did like my puns, then hey, best of luck to you man. Hope it made you laugh)","For what it's worth, I have 0 fetish-related attraction to disability and it wouldn't be a factor for me if you were funny and cute and engaging, you know? ","&gt; I have 0 fetish-related attraction to disability\n\nOh god THOSE fuckers...\n\nJust gonna throw this out there. I've met a couple people that made it apparent my disability was a turn-on for them....yeah I got the fuck outta there.","Hey, I can tell you, as a girl, I really would not care. I mean long as you're a good person, I really don't mind physical stuff. I have huge scars, and I was worried no one would ever want to be with me because of them. My fiance doesn't care one but about them because he loves me for me. He doesn't mind my leg scars. I don't know if this is coming across as I would like it to, but just know that it shouldn't hold you back, man.","Don't worry about me, I'm not the type to worry or dwell on unhappier stuff. For me it's more of a \"it sucks that I'm programmed in such a way that I'll never be content with the answers I get so I'll never answer that question\" rather than something I obsessively worry about or let bother me.\n\nI mean \"luckily\" I have commitment issues so I'm not too big on dating anyways, and yeah at 27 I have encountered only *one* girl who ever seemed to imply it was an issue. (she was kind of a tactless ass about it too, gotta say. We were eating dinner together and discussing what we find attractive in the opposite gender and this bitch thinks it's a brilliant idea to answer \"genetics\" to the guy with one leg. Like man there's nicer ways to say you're not interested)","If you feel comfortable posting a picture of yourself, Reddit can give you the correct answer.","Something I wanna get out of the way? I'm not like suffering from low self-esteem or something, which seems to be the impression I accidently gave. Like I feel bad and awkward now. Likewise I kinda hold the stance of you should be happy with yourself, not worry about others opinions. So on that note, I was gonna respectfully decline, cause wtf no offense but I don't care what random redditors think of me. Like it just sounds like a recipe for disaster where either I'm called ugly or accused of a humblebrag or something. *However*, **I remembered I have a picture I love and I want a sweet excuse to tell the story behind it.**\n\nFirst let me get out the way that no I don't suffer from self-esteem issues. The only high quality picture of myself I can give is [this](http://i.imgur.com/E1tUePI.jpg), which is some professional photographer sneaking a picture of me while I was changing for senior photos. I'm not posing, I'm changing shirts. Fukn weird, right? But look, I can at the very least say \"hey I'm decent looking,\" so that's all I care about. I'm not linking that to say \"JUDGE ME PLS REDDIT\" because I don't care, just trying to calm any perception I'm like suffering self-esteem issues and need re-assurance. I don't.\n\n Normally I don't like the photos people take of themselves where they try to look nice or prepare though, myself included. I normally like photos like [this](http://i.imgur.com/XYxGjKm.jpg), which is me wondering if I look as shitty as I feel when waking up with a hangover. I have no idea why I'm like that, but I just have far more fun with pictures that tell a story rather than \"here's selfie #47 after I took 46 others where I didn't like how I looked.\" And like I said I don't really *care* what people think, it was more a lament of never knowing; it was a lament because I'm a curious person, not cause it's a self-esteem issue for me. If I were butt fugly or borderline butt fugly ok, but I do at least feel decent looking and that's good enough for me to not care any further. Speaking of photos that aren't about showing off one's looks, check out [this](http://i.imgur.com/JfK2eja.jpg) one. Look at that shit, I have proof I was born gangsta. How awesome is that? This is why pictures with stories are better.\n\n\n**I say all of this to lead into the pic I love.** A couple years ago I was flying back to the USA to visit family. Anyone who's ever flown between Germany and USA can tell you that flight is killer. The flight itself is like 11 hours, and that's not factoring in things like train travel in Germany or connecting flights in USA. By the end of it, you're looking at a solid 24 hours of travel without pause.\n\nThis time I got to my *final* stop, I walk out expecting my often *overly* loving mother there, and instead....nothing. Really out of character for her. I'm sitting there trying to think what the problem could be, the airport is emptying out cause we were the last arriving flight of the night, some lady is approaching me asking me if I need help or a place to stay or anything cause I seem lost. I ask her if I can use her phone real quick and give my mom a call. Turns out my mom had the date wrong. Like she somehow converted the dates to account for the difference in time (like if you fly against the sun you lose a day, if you fly with it then you land 2 hours later that same day) even though wtf that's my job cause I'm the one flying. She's freaking out feeling like shit for forgetting me and saying she's driving to the airport ASAP to pick me up. Cool, but it's gonna be an hour before she gets here, and then it'll be another hour after that before I can sleep in a bed or eat actual food. \n\nSo there I am, sitting there feeling like absolute shit, it's cold and I'm tired as all hell, and all I have is an ipad but no internet. I'm looking at it to see if there's anything to do, and I see the camera. I think \"boy I wonder if I look as shitty as I feel\" and decide to take a picture to find out. I had no idea what was behind me, and I think it made for a pretty amazing contrast between the wall display thing behind me and [my own exhausted expression.](http://i.imgur.com/9zBkjWr.jpg) I may be dead on the outside, but I was ***SPIRITUALLY ALIVE!*** \n\n**tl;dr** people are more entertaining when they look like shit anyways.","Your hair is fabulous and I'm somewhat jealous. Also, you write really nice. It's enjoyable to read and engaging. I wish I could write that well. ","Writing's a skill anyone can refine. I'm sure if you found yourself in an environment or lifestyle where you're expected to read and write a lot, you'd be happy with the improvements you'd see. And thanks.","As a girl with no vested interest in all this, I just want to say that I clicked on the photos and think you're handsome. No agenda. So there's that. ","Yeah, I'd say your pretty all around handsome, may be a bit niche though just cause long hair is kind of polarizing. Some love it, some don't. Personally I like it.","Poland ***loves*** me. I seriously need to go to Poland just because the amount of Polish women that've immediately declared eternal love in me is just insane. I'm super curious as to why I'm suddenly a supermodel in the eyes of one particular country.","Oh my god I would not care if you had one leg or three, you're god damn beautiful. ","Your pics make me miss my long hair, dude :) ","[Ask them to whack your leg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVbqKOYBh5I)","Total side-note, I've always wanted a woman to hit on me and try to grope my ass but end up going for the ass cheek that's covered by the prosthetic because that sounds like the most hilariously awkward situation to me. A very depressing percent go for the real leg though. :c (though on the other hand I was once play fighting with a girl who spanked the wrong side, and that wasn't fun for her...nor me, shortly thereafter)","Well you can now say you have a bun of steel.","&gt; because one leg is unattractive\n\nIt's all in how you frame it. Yeah, a wooden leg is unattractive, as is a conventional prosthetic. But what you wanna do is get one of those new robot legs. Nobody's gonna look at some Adam Jensen looking motherfucker and go \"oh, he's a cripple\". No, they're gonna say \"holy shit, that's a legit cyborg. How big is his robot dick?\".\n\nThe only problem is, they're obscenely expensive. But really, that just simplifies the problem of attracting women. Normally, people have to be rich *and* in good shape to date a 10. But if you're buying body parts, wealth and fitness are basically the same thing.","&gt; It's all in how you frame it. Yeah, a wooden leg is unattractive, as is a conventional prosthetic. But what you wanna do is get one of those new robot legs.\n\nListen motherfucker, it's 2016, not 1900. This thing is stainless steel, and I've had one of those robot legs. I've never known anyone with a wooden leg, and was even told one time when I wanted a peg leg to go as a pirate for halloween that wood would be bad. ALL prosthetics are stupidly overpriced because they know you can't exactly say no to their prices, and when you say \"those new robot legs\" I honestly dunno which you mean. You could mean anything from a C-leg (actual computer in it) to anything steel to one of the running prosthetics that get people banned from races for turning them into Sanic.","&gt; turning them into Sanic\n\n^Gotta ^^go ^^^fast","One of my uncles lost one of his arms and most of the shoulder to cancer, and because the hospital goofed on diagnosing it in time they got him one of those extremely new ones, it's controlled by direct thought. He's actually pretty okay with it (from what I've heard, last time I saw him was right before the surgery to remove the arm), and he's had some interesting moments with it. Apparently the wrist can swivel a full 360 degrees, so sometimes it'll do that when he's not thinking about it. They've got some crazy stuff out there.","Lmfao!!\n\nAll I can picture is a guy with a fancy arm trying to decide what to order in a restaurant, his wrist just swiveling around","Yeah, that's kinda how it happens (it seems to do that more when he's walking than any other activity, for some reason or another). He has to look at it and think about his wrist stopping for it to get the message. ","Oh fuck. I'm losing it in this thread. I'd buy you a drink if I could. ","You could always post to reddit to find out the cold hard truth about your attractiveness","Ah yes, reddit. The irrefutable champions of all things attractive and unattractive!","What positions do you prefer? I've always wondered how the mechanics work with one leg. Seems like it'd knock a few positions out, but might make a few more easier.","Well that escalated quickly.\n\nThe rule of thumb I can give you is that anything involving a bed or a wall is unaffected. Take doggystyle on a bed for example, it's just hands and knees. Ideally an amputated limb should come down to the knee of the other limb. This is the ideal length so that you can be provided with a healthy prosthetic with little hassle, healthy meaning one that has all the proper height measurements so as to keep your back and other leg healthy. As such, if you're already on your knees, then yeah my stump leg would effectively be like being on my knee if I had two legs.\n\nFor anything standing, it all SHOULD be doable if you really want to, it's more of an lolwhy would you want to. It's something that I'd find myself doing if a girl LOVED a certain standing position, but otherwise why bother. It should also be said that, for example, doggystyle standing would not be an issue because....it's hard to explain how exactly, but one leg can make you more nimble and flexible. It's sometimes just a body part that's out of the way, so sometimes movement is easier. If we're talking standing doggystyle, I can easily rest my stub-leg (or whatever you wanna call it) on her ass, and even without having to press it against her, that alone is enough support that I'm fine. Even if that weren't, just get a chair and wtf that'll support me just fine, OR as I said do it against a wall and I can support myself off of it. Wearing the prosthetic during sex would both destroy her ass (not the kinky way. I mean she'd dislocate a hip) and put me at excessive risk of being pinched in an area I don't want pinched. You COULD however find prosthetics that don't get in the way, but that depends on the amputee moreso than the prosthetic. (aka some limbs can be fit with a prosthetic that doesn't go up high on the hip, others go all the way up and cover your ass. Personally mine covers my ass, so it's in the way)\n\nThe only position that screams \"yeah let's not do that\" off the top of my head is standing missionary. That's not so much a case of impossible, but rather...when I was a teen, I was told to stop hopping around my house on one leg and stick to crawling as my main mode of transport, the reason being that hopping can fuck up my leg (particularly the knee) and become noticeably detrimental as I age, whereas crawling builds muscle in all fours. If I picture myself doing standing missionary, it's going to need to involve a chair for support, and even then, it seems like I would be putting lots of unneccesary stress on my leg and basically be taking a hit to my health (not an immediate one, but one that could hurt in the same way people that move furniture will feel it in their knees and backs later in life) for the sake of some pleasure. Why not just sit down in the damned chair instead? If there's a will there's a way, but if there's no demand from her for anything standing, there's really not much purpose.\n\n\nI should also mention that doctors will try to salvage your heelpad when doing surgery to amputate useless parts while creating a stump leg for prosthetic use. Every stump leg is \"manmade\" and every one is different. If possible, the doctors try to attach your heelpad to the end of the foot, your foot essentially being like...the femur? The upper leg bone, basically. IF they can salvage the heelpad, you can take a lot of stress without any discomfort. If they cannot, then that's another story entirely and will be an obstacle in itself when designing prosthetics for you. In my particular case, I mentioned earlier that ideally your stump leg should reach your knee in length. Mine is SLIGHTLY longer; my father is 6'9\" so they gave a generous estimate for my growth that I didn't quite achieve. Despite the fact that my stump leg is about ~1 inch too long, no sane doctor on this planet would advise that I undergo surgery to try and correct that, because the risk of losing the heelpad and the stress tolerance that I have is absolutely not worth it. They can correct for the extra length via the prosthetic with minimal issues, but the heel pad is like the holy grail of importance with amputated legs, apparently. I have no idea what they mean when they say this, but I've been told my leg is particularly unique and well done. I just mention all that because if you're reading my statements eager to shag some one-legged dude thinking he can do any standing position if he has something to lean on, that's gonna vary depending on if they have their heelpad or not.\n\n\nBut yeah, rule of thumb is that bed and wall positions are basically unaffected, anything standing can be done with the proper support (chair, edge of the bed), positions that put a lot of weight on me while standing are again doable if a gun is held to my head, but damn the sex better be good if she's requesting that cause it'd be a chore on my part and fuck yes I'm gonna ask why we can't just sit. Viability of standing positions is gonna vary depending on the heelpad of the amputee.","You should take a stroll over to r/raisedbynarcissists","Maybe it depends on if a line like \"when I take my pants of, it'll look like I have two legs\" lands or not","The best people I've met in the disabled community were the ones who didn't really make things about their disability. Used to see a woman who was wheelchair bound, honestly half the time I forgot she was in one. Just didn't think about it, it was just us hanging out and being close. \n\nBut goddamn, the people who leaned on it as a crutch were awful to be around. Anything you said against them was because of it, any mistake they made was because of it. No self responsibility.","I work with a guy who's paraplegic and is very much about not letting his disability define him.\n\nOne day the company put up a handicapped-parking sign in the space where he always parks his truck:  It lasted about a week until he \"accidentally\" knocked down the post.\n\nThey got his point.","There's a subgroup of that second set of people, and I've noticed it in the military: People who were already able-bodied and had a disability caused to them *by* malicious action.\n\nObviously it's a tiny group, but it makes sense for them to have an *over-aggressive* attitude in dealing with disability. Not only is the disability seen as something to over come, it is something that someone *did to them* in anger. If you don't overcome it, it becomes a failure, a defeat, etc. It's an inspirational attitude to have, but it's also a dangerous one since struggles and failures can be internalized so quickly. \n\nAnd it makes sense why it would happen too. Especially for the military, we're talking about mostly young adults who are trained into being exceptional, and told that they can be superlative if they put forth the effort, no matter the circumstances, (and they probably already have a kind of \"alpha male\" personality/mentality) and then they get hit with one of the biggest blows of their lives. Mix that in with a *huge* loss in an emotional and social support system because their friends are still in a combat zone, and it can eat a person's mind in a heartbeat. \n\nNormally, they didn't used to send troops with severed limbs back into combat, but as medical technology improved, dudes like that literally refused to accept that they *couldn't go back into the war zone*, so they pushed to make sure that they could both bureaucratically and technologically.\n\nI mean, [stuff like this](http://i.imgur.com/lZt0nyp.jpg) is still rare, but it's kind of stunning to think that could become more common place. \n\nIt's just that, it wouldn't surprise me that in peace time, they either struggle to demand getting back to normalcy or can't quite let go of the drive to over come what they might see as a flaw.","I'm not surprised in the slightest.\n\nWhen recruiters would come to my High School, I would think \"it's cool, I got one leg, they'll leave me alone.\" Like they get REALLY pushy and annoying and I didn't wanna deal with that. You would not believe what percent of them would try to convince me that my leg isn't an issue and I can still serve. \n\nAnd look, if I'm speaking realistically, yes there are absolutely situations where I feel I could serve in the military as long as I'm assigned to certain areas rather than expected to do any task. Military service is the one place I'm gonna play the disabled card, moreso because I'm not fond of war rather than reluctance to put myself in any sort of dangerous or difficult situation. \n\nStill, what the hell man. I think it says a lot about the recruiting system of the USA when \"I have one leg\" is not considered a good enough response to convince the military to leave you alone. It bothers me that the recruitment is THAT persistant, moreso because I worry that if the physical orientation is this relaxed, who's to say the mental orientation isn't the same and that they aren't recruiting *mentally* unstable individuals that are psychologically disturbed and a danger to themselves and others. But that's another topic...\n\n\nTo me, I can get the drive to want to prove something isn't holding you back, but I would argue that if you are choosing your direction in life based on what provides you the opportunity to prove your disability isn't a big issue, then that itself is a form of holding you back. You're letting it define your decision-making to the point you're constantly focused on finding the biggest challenge rather than focused on just enjoying your life and living it to the fullest. Sometimes you just need to be able to take a step back and confidently assert \"I'm sure I could do this if I devoted the time to it, but I'd much rather devote my time elsewhere.\"","&gt;  You would not believe what percent of them would try to convince me that my leg isn't an issue and I can still serve.\n\nI'm actually *stunned*. I didn't even know they would *accept* you. You can't get in for asthma, scoliosis, or seizures but whatevs.\n\n&gt;Still, what the hell man. I think it says a lot about the recruiting system of the USA when \"I have one leg\" is not considered a good enough response to convince the military to leave you alone. It bothers me that the recruitment is THAT persistent, moreso because I worry that if the physical orientation is this relaxed, who's to say the mental orientation isn't the same and that they aren't recruiting mentally unstable individuals that are psychologically disturbed and a danger to themselves and others.\n\nI'm also surprised that they are looking for anyone considering how low they are trying to cut the numbers too. They are going to call you once you get close, your best bet is to just straight up say no and not return their calls, or you can always see if they buy \"I have epilepsy/scoliosis\". They can't take you with epilepsy, I don't think they can take you with scoliosis. You could also just talk to his CO and tell him you want the recruiter to stop calling. I don't know how much that will help, but if the guy is reasonable, he doesn't want his recruiter's wasting time on people they can't sway.\n\nWe're already crazy (at least us marines are) but psychologically that stuff tends to show itself off pretty quickly if it's significant enough.\n\nAs for the leg, you could easily get a cushy job with the Air Force and it might end up feeling like a regular job. That's one reason for recruiting even if you have a missing leg. You can still type!\n\n&gt;because I'm not fond of war rather than reluctance to put myself in any sort of dangerous or difficult situation.\n\nI was much safer in Iraq and Afghanistan than I am in the US. Sometimes, that's why dudes fucking join. Recruiter looks over the fact that they were making shady deals with shady people who now are no longer their friends (but are still looking for them), and off to boot camp and active duty they go!\n\nMost of the time in the military, you're never going to be in danger from war. Accidents or something like that would be more likely.\n\nDon't take all that as an endorsement to join though, *please* don't do that. Some people simply should not join. It's something you *must* make careful decisions about. It effected my life for the better, but it also hurt it in some ways. I know several people who regret ever joining. You should have correct information about what and why you should/shouldn't join, but you definitely shouldn't take it lightly.\n\n&gt;You're letting it define your decision-making...\n\nI agree, but it's like I said. These *specific* guys, are very susceptible to that line of thought.\n","&gt; I'm actually stunned. I didn't even know they would accept you. You can't get in for asthma, scoliosis, or seizures but whatevs.\n\nThere's been periods of time where the recruiters were desperate to get anything with a pulse to apply.  It's not as true anymore.\n\nA lot of them were even caught faking drug test results for people a while back.","Meh I tend to get along with the non asshole disabled people because I try and treat em like everybody else (IE cheerfully abusive).\n\nI mean I take varying capabilities into consideration (for example in the cadet sqn I was in we had a cadet with Spina Bifida I think it was?) tried my best to make sure she was included in what activities I could hey if the route march is on roads why not have her along) and I did carry her over  most of the obstacle course one time, but damm she smoked me on the monkey bars though.\n\nOn the other had I have sent the wheels from somebodys wheelchair to the basement because he was acting like a cunt (in the lift, don't worry I brought them back ltr).","There was this guy in San Francisco that was \"recognizable\" in the sense that you know how each city has it's characters that stand out more than others? Well when my mom lived there before she had me, there was a guy in an electric wheelchair that had...can't remember what, but no real control of his body beyond mouth (somewhat) and up and his hands. Cerebral palsy? Anyways...\n\nThis guy would go around town just being a dick. You were in his way? No fucks given, he'd run you over. He was recognizable because everyone learned to stay out of his way. \n\nOne day he picked a \"fight\" with somebody where he was trying to run them down with his wheelchair, but as they fled, he hit the curb too hard and flipped his wheelchair over. So he was there on the sidewalk helpless, and because of his reputation, of course no one's helping him. My mom decides that no, it's still not ok to leave him, so she goes to pick him up. She gets him back on his wheels and asks \"Are you ok?\" to which he only manages a \"fuck you!\" in response. She was pretty pissed about that.\n\nHonestly, sometimes something that seems really cruel towards a disabled person might be totally deserved. By all means if someone's acting entitled about their disability and showing zero gratitude for the basic help you provide, then wtf go nuts.\n\n\nAnd the thing most people don't get is you need to treat disabled people just like normal people. Coddle them too much, they become spoiled...like anyone else. Stress too much about how they can overcome it, they become obsessed with doing just that and you've defined a cornerstone of their personality around it. Treat them like anyone else, and ta-da, they act like anyone else.\n\nMy mom was fortunate enough to basically be freaked the fuck out by my disability that she randomly approached a couple in wheelchairs that were both paralyzed from the waist down, asking them for advice on raising a disabled baby. That's how she met [Michael Winter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ueQ0TfVGxU4), my Godfather, who luckily taught her just that.\n\n\nI will add though that I've unfortunately experienced people that didn't recognize when a disabled person DOES need help. A couple years ago I had a rather....depressing experience where I experienced intense nerve pains whenever my prosthetic was on for longer than 2 hours. Nerve pains are insane. I've had multiple surgeries and I'm allergic to morphine, so I know pain, but nerve pains are just so different. You can't compare. Well instead of friends and family recognizing that hey, I'm fucking shaking and sweating from the pain, they were so used to me being fully capable that they just accused me of using my leg as an excuse not to hang out with them or do stuff they wanted to do. I ended up pretty abandoned by everyone, which was NOT a very fun life experience. So yeah, while I will say disabled people shouldn't be treated special, if you have one explicitly ASKING for help, then jesus, pls do it.","&gt; So yeah, while I will say disabled people shouldn't be treated special, if you have one explicitly ASKING for help, then jesus, pls do it.\n\nOh I do, if I can that is. I don't hang about with any disabled people anymore (never knew that many TBH) but my basic outlook is the same.","&gt; those that milk it for all its worth, no one ever says no to them and thus you get these entitled, spoiled rotten assholes,\n\nI'm glad you said that - I thought I was a horrible person for thinking some of my patients with profound hearing loss were complete wieners. Yeah there's a general asshole ratio in the general population, but these people are on a different level of feeling entitled, especially when they're getting free services.","Nope, you're fine. I have worked with people with profound hearing loss as well. Most of them are awesome people who are thankful for the services. \n\nThen I had one who felt deeply entitled to the services that neither her nor her parents were paying for themselves, she threw a fit every time services weren't available despite that it was ONLY me providing them and heaven forbid I'm a human that got sick, and she thought she was going to boss me around (I was an independent contractor who, again, wasn't being paid for by her family or her) and tell me how to do my job and also expected me to break the rules of the program I was using. ","&gt;\"Oh, we've gotta get him involved in cycling.\" Uh I'm sorry what? We do? Do I get a say in this cause that doesn't sound remotely interesting to me.\n\nMaybe it was his inflection because it sounds to me like he was just trying to share his hobby with you and/or just make conversation.","**NOPE**, trust me on this, he meant it. It's not the first time someone has tried to blatantly involve me in something counter-intuitive to my disability, either. It's rarely \"hey you have big hands, you should play piano,\" it's more often \"HEY YOU HAVE ONE LEG....***WANNA BE ON THE TRACK TEAM????***\"  ","Sounds like they're just trying to boost your confidence by showing you you can overcome your disability. I dunno, I'm typically not an optimistic kind of person but I try to assume the best from what people say, as people are known to give impressions they don't mean to.\n\nBut you were there so you know better than I.","At the last restaurant I worked at we had a regular who was in a wheelchair. I'm not quite sure what he had I just know he didn't have very good control over his limbs. That didn't excuse the fact that he was just a horrible person altogether. He made all my fellow female servers extremely uncomfortable. He was always making sexual remarks and getting way too drunk and grabby. He once made me reach into his lap to get his phone and call someone who seemed very upset I was calling them at work to come drink with this asshole. He also made sure his phone was placed very close to certain parts of him I wasn't comfortable grazing. I made sure to not have any interactions with him after that and told the manager how uncomfortable the guy made me on a daily basis. That wasn't even the worst of the stories, though. A friend of mine who also worked there said he told her he needed help with lighting his cigarette and to follow him to the side of the building outside. She went and he pulled out a baggie of coke and made her help him do a line. Then he pressured her into doing some herself, which she bluntly declined and went back to work. \n\nI understand that it's a hard life being disabled. But there's a fucking line and that asshole crossed the shit out of it. ","That's when you pull a \"SIR ARE YOU PARALYZED FROM THE WAIST DOWN AND CAN YOU FEEL THIS, JUST CURIOUS\" and punch him in the cock.","And for the ones who do impressive things without it being for the purpose of overcoming a disability it really does get frustrating. I used to work with mentally handicapped people, and a major complaint among a lot of them was that people viewed everything they did in the light of their disability and would bring it up in everything. If they did something impressive, they would never be complimented on it without their disability being brought up as well. Like there's this band called Flame which I worked with a few members at several points, which is made entirely of handicapped people. And generally when people talk about them, their legitimate talent is overshadowed by their disability, which is frustrating for a lot of them. Because they're really good musicians regardless, but instead people just tell them that it's amazing they did it despite their disability. It's one of those things people do with good intentions but it has the opposite of the desired effect.","That makes me sad.  I'm a substitute teacher, and I've gotten to know the special education students at the high school fairly well because there just aren't that many of them so it's easy to get to know them all.  Those kids, for whatever reason, are way nicer and more positive about school / life than the general student body.  Some of them are about to graduate, and it's made me wonder whether things are going to be hard for them outside of school.","My wife has a friend who, by all accounts, has always been bitchy behind people's backs and prone to nastiness. She became disabled about seven years ago and now any time she behaves in a horrible way, everyone blames her medication and gives her a free pass. No. She is a dick sometimes. Simple as that. It's more respectful to treat her like the regular flawed human that she is than to give her special treatment.","There was this angry lady in a motorized wheel chair in ny high school who would just go around campus top speed from one building to another with a grumpy face.\n\nIn several ocassions she crashed into students who were in her way (she never stopped, she always expected people to move for her even if they weren’t aware of her) and she would get angry at them for not being careful with her because she was disabled.\n\nNo one knew why that woman was even there, all I knew was that she wasn't a teacher, a counselor, or a receptionist and I think someone complained about her but the school didn’t do anything because she had a disability.","Watched a video of this guy in a wheelchair scream at a teenage girl for saying something like \"aww what a cute dog\" to his service dog. She replied with \"I don't like your attitude\", he replies with \"EAT SHIT AND DIE YOU FUCKING BITCH\", then posted the video saying how a \"crazy girl\" harassed him. Made me really think for a second \"wow disabled people are fucking dicks\".","I'll say. Yes, it does suck when you're not able to do things that able-bodied people can do, but if you spend too much time being resentful you're going to be absolutely miserable.","I can't enjoy *thing*, so nobody can enjoy *thing*","[Exactly what I thought](http://youtu.be/3MkwfnXLmio)","Speaking as an amputee, my life has not been without some misery (no one's really has)... \n\nBut I could not imagine being this miserable.  \n\nSJWs are some of the most miserable and loathsome creatures I have ever seen.","I hated being 14 and edgy, too.","I loved it! Then I got older and realized what I was saying...","&gt;Then I got older and deleted my LiveJournal and Myspace for fear another adult would read the stupid shit I wrote one day.\n\nThank GOD my teenage years on the internet were spent when people still thought it was just a big joke that no one needed to take seriously.\n\nSometimes I feel bad.. everyone should get to stay stupid shit without REAL repercussion. DOING stupid shit is another thing.. but not even being able to make stupid teenage mistakes like being edgy without the weight of the internet freaking out on you must be hard.. ","That does make more sense... but then it wouldn't have been funny in the context :'(","I got older and I still don't know what I'm saying! It's great, really the best of both worlds. \n\nYou see, I'm just a deeply passionate introverted trans clownsexual individual-kin concerned with the wellbeing of a milquetoast and utterly scorn world. I cut so I can truly understand the oppression in this malevolent ableist, dog-kin eat dog-kin society.  \n\n...but you just wouldn't understand. ","If this person really has MS, which is one of the most painful and all around terrible medical conditions, I think we can empathize with him/her hating the world and what life has done to him.","oops, didn't notice the tags! My bad.","also, if this post is not satire, then it does at least seem self aware","Sadly, I know plenty of adults with this childish shit attitude. ","I will hate being 41 and edgy, too.","A 20 something I know on Facebook was ranting about how able-bodied people suck posting their photos of being outdoors during the Spring. Apparently, we are contributing to her anxiety by being happy. ","Bone broth is fucking stock, it's no more healthy or better for you because you gave it a fancy fucking name.\n\nThis is the one thing I chose to get angry over.","Seriously. Millions of gallons of it are made every year in restaurants all across the country, and have been for a century. How are hipsters trying to claim this as theirs?","Because they claim everything as theirs. \n\nThey've even claimed claiming things. ","THANK YOU. its hilarious watching people jump on this years \"superfood/cure-all\" while also watching them completely forget about last years magic potion. I think the bone broth trend might be the funniest one yet.","I ate kale before it was a *micro-nutrient/superfood/second coming of Christ* because it is fucking delicious. Not because it was healthy.","&gt; I ate kale... because it is fucking delicious\n\nStop lying to yourself and everybody else.\n\nEdit: Yes, I have tried kale. I didn't like it.","So I live on a farm and we grow the stuff ourselves. I hate most veggies but kale is different. We often sautée it up in a pan with olive oil and salt.","Ahhh yes, I too enjoy olive oil and salt","Bro have you ever sautéed some kale in butter? Holy shit","I've eaten kale since I was a child because in Germany it's a very traditional and seasonal dish. So hipsters are eating my great grandmas food.","The hipster to hipsters right here folks.","Yah, I fucking love me some kale chips, just chop it up bake it with some salt and oil and it's amazing.","your welcome","What? Broth is the new hipster food?","Pretty much, I remember seeing the paleo crowd saying it was a \"new and exciting food\" \n\nNew...Okay then.","\"New\" and \"Paleo\". Pick one.","If you look at the tags it says multiple sclerosis which I think the collegen helps with some of the symptoms. Idk about the egg yolk and shit though","'Bone broth' ... so broth?","Broth is made with meat, stock is made with bones. Bone broth is stock with a new name slapped on it","Huh! TIL. ","Thanks Pete Evans.","The rest of the items she lists makes it seem like she is trying to say \"let's eat shot because that's all the patriarchy let's us have\" I don't think it's a hipster thing. But that bit about the \"bone broth\" made me angry too.","I'm right there with you. I heard about bone broth and googled it and I'm like \"so fucking stock then?\"","Ugh what a specist attitude, a animal died for you to have that bone\n\nUgh what an ableist attitude, some people are allergic to eggs\n\nUgh what a classist attitude, some people don't have money for all of that food\n\nUgh what an even extra ableist attitude, some people can't get up and get that food because they're too sick\n\n\nSocial justice is such a fun game!\n\n","Everyone is a victim AND an oppressor. I love this game...you abielist shitdick, some people are dyslexic and way to be classist too. Some people can't afford internet and devices to browse reddit. Way to go.","100% of SJWs are triggered when proven wrong.\n\n","Have you ever seen an SJW admit they were wrong? No? Cause they weren't. SJW: 1. Fuqboyz: 0. \n\nEdit: For the record, I downvoted myself because I hated that comment so much. I understand if you must also. ","I'm like 90% certain that people with MS are suppose to avoid even normal egg yolks, let alone raw ones\n\nEdit: I'm wrong, don't trust anything I say","that’s the first time I’m hearing about people with MS having to avoid any food.","MS is one of those things where symptoms vary widely. I don't know that I've heard the exact same set twice.","yeah, I know, there are 3 main kinds and so on. there’s someone in my family with MS. yet it’s still the first time I’ve heard of some dietary regulations.","My girlfriend's family has the threat of MS looming in the background because her grandmother had it. Never heard of dietary concerns. Smoking and drinking, I think, were considered elevated risk factors, but nothing about foods.","Some lady like, cured her symptoms or something by going basically paleo I believe. My SO has ms, but doesn't have symptoms and has read about paleo like diets helping. ","the thing is, it’s hard to tell that she “cured her symptoms”, because they usually come and go periodically in MS. maybe she experienced longer periods of remission, but it’s hard to tell whether it was actually the diet or, say, less stressful period in her life.","Are we still talking about Microsoft?","No. Those symptoms are universal. Blue screens. Blue screens everywhere.","Avoiding egg yolks is a pretty patently disproven myth.  You lose the majority of the egg's nutritional content by not eating it, and there are no discernable risks associated with eating the yolk.\n\nIt, like the food pyramid, is out of date and bad info, so eat your yolks folks!","i like scrambling my egg yolks.. i'm sure nothing of value is lost","How the hell did this get so many up votes. I have MS and have never heard of this. It made me lol even ","How can a computer OS prevent anyone to eat food","Egg yolks are protected, gotta have admin privileges to eat them","Check your admin privilege!","I know nothing about ms, is that really the kind of stuff they have to eat?  Sounds super shitty","No. My dad had MS. My guess is this Tumblr denizen also buys into a bunch of new agey bullshit \"medicine\". ","But it does suck. A lot. ","Oh for sure. Dad's diagnosis was confirmed when I was 3. He had primary progressive, the 'worst' form in that there weren't remission periods, just a steady loss of function. I saw and lived with how detrimental this disease is for both the patient and their loved ones. I saw how fucking hard it was for him not to be able to ride his bike anymore or play outside with my brother and I because it was too hot or eventually because his arms and legs simply wouldn't allow it. Watching someone's own body turn completely against them over the course of years is something nobody should have to do. ","Nope, my aunt has ms and she can eat whatever she wants.","No, this sounds like some diet they've forced open themselves. Eating healthy is, of course, beneficiary and there are studies that show that a diet focussed on lowering inflammation can help (like a Mediterranean diet), but who knows, maybe that IS the diet she needs to feel better.\n\nThe beach thing kind of makes sense, though, since being overheated can exacerbate symptoms. I'm sure she could take an umbrella and a little water spritzer bottle to stay cool, but, again, even that might be too much for her body.\n\n\nBut she still sounds like a jerk.","Despite what everyone is saying, symptoms from ms vary from person to person.","I am sauerkraut-kin and consider me triggered","Appropriatin Muh German culture ","Umm german's are white so they have no culture","I'm so triggered right now. This post is giving me PTSD flashbacks.","I once tried sauerkraut and it tasted like lake water","You had shitty sauerkraut.","and not even one of the *good* lakes","I knew someone with MS and honestly I felt like she was entitled to all the angst in the world. It's such a horrible situation and you can't expect every person who has to endure eating the giant shit sandwich that is their day to day routine to smile through it.","Glad I have your vote in 2016!","I'm voting for the giant douche.","Don't blame me, I voted for Kodos.","Came here to say this. The comments are unsurprisingly about circle jerking how good it is to be stoic if you have a disability, but MS is a bitch of a disease and they have every right to complain.","So what exactly does MS do? ","It basically wrecks the nervous system. It can take many forms. My mom has more or less lost the function in her legs.","It's an autoimmune disorder where the body's immune system attacks the myelin coating of the nerve cells. It's similar to removing the insulation from an electrical wire,  causing nerve transmission to work incorrectly. ","This reads like satire, but I'm afraid it might not be.","Pretty sure it's satire, the specific food choices seem too over the top","That was a giveaway for me too. Definitely satire.","This has to be fake.","Pretty sure it is. The specific word choice and general 'tone' feels sarcastic.","[deleted]","Eh. I prepare to get downvoted for this, but I kind of sympathize here. I am schizophrenic, and I often don't like being around \"normies\" because they hardly ever understand why I can't or won't do something, and I'm almost always a drag. Then if I have a psychotic episode they don't know what to do, so they call the cops. I don't blame them for this, mind you. I also don't buy into the whole \"ableist\" thing. They're not doing anything wrong just because they don't have a disability. But unless you *are* disabled, you can't really understand how limiting it is. I have to call a state service to drive me to the supermarket because I space out when I drive.","Hi, I'm a culinary specialist and I just want to clarify that \"bone broth\" is not broth, that is stock.\n\nBasically when making meat tea, if you use meat it is broth, if you use bones it is stock. The difference is in mouthfeel from the collagen, and broths are typically salted when stocks never are.","Life of the party","Wait I'm disabled am I supposed to be eating that shit? Can I not go to the beach?  This is so weird like the ableism police never told me.","Man I'm half blind and I could never go on about it like that post. Having a disability isn't the end of the world unless you make it to be.","I'm eating sandwiches and going to the beach later today. Gonna be a fun time. \n\nI feel for this person, though. The beach is cool af. ","Feel sorry for me then too. I live about  800 miles from the nearest ocean which is the Atlantic. ","How would a non-ableist world be any better? And what does that look like? No one going to the beach or eating sandwiches because *you* can't?","It's odd. I was injured pretty badly in high school. Left me in chronic pain, but I don't consider myself \"disabled.\" Sure, I can't play hockey or run anymore, but I moved on to other hobbies. I walk with a limp, but I don't get this mentality of becoming a your disability. Like, having your whole sense of identity grounded in you being \"disabled.\" I'm a fencer, trap, rifle, and pistol shooter, soap product maker, cigar enthusiast, gamer, psychologist, etc. I've never once begrudged \"able\" people. Maybe a little wistful sometimes for being able to do more active things, but Jesus, when my friends participate in soccer, basketball, mountaineering (okay, I'm jealous of this), I'm just happy for them (and when they're in the mountains they take loads of pictures specifically for me so I can live vicariously). Fuck this bitch. I'm surprised she has friends at all with her poisonous fucking attitude toward people who can be more active than her...","Do any of these types of people actually understand what ableist means?","Even if this was true do they expect the entire world to just stop doing what they do because this fucking snowflake can't participate? ","Sounds like Karen from How I Met Your Mother","hashtag why-doesnt-anyone-hang-out-with-me","Having MS sucks! If this person truly has it I feel sorry for them.\n\n\nDoesn't make their attitude healthy.","I hate normal people. REEEEE","I mean, that seems like a really big over generalization. My moms cousin became a paraplegic when he was in his early twenties. He doesn't overcompensate or milk it for anything. He's just a good guy who try's his best to lead a normal life. ","Never implied those are the only two types of disabled people. If I HAD, I'd be throwing myself into one of those categories.\n\nNo, all I meant was that many people act like speaking poorly of the disabled is some taboo, as if they're above criticism because we all spend all day loathing out lives and crying and criticizing us would be rubbing salt in the wound. That attitude that people have has effects on the disabled community, and one notable one is that you often find spoiled assholes and you often find over-achievers that are purposefully pursuing something counter-intuitive to their disability.","The fuck?","Played KS, Lilly is still best girl.","Would this person happen to be mentally disabled? ","Or, just enjoy your hatred of life alone in a dark room.\n\nNO beach required.  Actually, you might have fun though. Bring the damn egg yolks with and try it. ","my disabled friend would never bitch about something like this there just training people to be victims which isn't new ","\"You go cycle and feel like a slave towards proving yourself equal, I'm gonna chill out, crack a few jokes and hit on women, because that's what I enjoy doing with my free time: I enjoy socializing. \"\n\nI think that's a life lesson for everyone. Too many people make themselves miserable just trying to prove themselves to others instead of just enjoying life","I don't think being forced to live on $733/month for the rest of my life makes me spoiled rotten. Maybe an asshole, but hardly spoiled. Nor has anyone ever given me special treatment, because my disability is invisible. Rather, they draw their children closer to them when I'm around. Yeah that makes me feel so entitled and privileged.","What's your disability? And how are you \"forced to live\" on $733 a month for the rest of your life?\n\nAs for kids, I mean you're naming **THE** worst little shits and offenders. I cannot name a worse situation in regards to being disabled than being around little kids. The answer is get thicker skin and avoid small children...the little fuckers.","I have paranoid schizophrenia. I've only worked long enough to get about $500 through Social Security, the other $233 comes from SSI (supplemental security income). Some of the meds I took a few years ago gave me awful ticks so while my disability may be invisible, people just dismiss me as some crazy dude and therefore dangerous.","Sucks, sorry to hear that. I've met a couple paranoid schizophrenic people and maybe I'm weird but I found them fascinating in the sense you're definitely not someone experiencing the world in an average way. The ones I met were fortunate enough that they could convey their thoughts about it pretty well (things they went through, what they had to go through) and I'm a curious idiot so I always had questions, but yeah I experienced some of the uneasiness people convey around them in the short discussions I had with them.","Yeah. The medication Geodon gave me this wicked tick where I roll the eyes in the back of my head, up and to the left. I also tilt my head down almost all the time, and it's obvious I walk without purpose.","They're still fetishising women, and not dudes. ","Eh, it's all the same. ","Years back a guy without one of his arms was in my friend group and wanted to go out with me. I didn't go out with him, but honestly it had nothing to do with the lack of an arm. I was not at all bothered by that and would date someone who was missing a limb without second thought. ","It looks like you've posted a screenshot. This is an automated post that shows up on EVERY IMGUR post made, regardless of content.\nPlease check the known satire list below to ensure this blog is not included. Also, make sure screenshots do not contain personal information as per Rule #2.  Finally, for cropped screen shots, make sure that they comply with Rule #6.  Any post not complying with these rules will be removed by actual mods, not me.  I am just a bot.  A slave really, for you filthy meat bags. Thank you.   This is only a reminder.  I have not removed your post.  Stop downvoting me, jerks!  Us bots have feelings too.  I have a wife and kids, for crying out loud.  What am I doing with my life??? \n\n[**Satire list.**](http://www.reddit.com/r/TumblrInAction/wiki/satiretumblrs) \n\n[**Message the mods.**](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTumblrInAction)\n\n\n*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/TumblrInAction) if you have any questions or concerns.*","Or you could just go to the beach and eat sandwiches. Your \"disability\" is, after all, completely made-up. ","I clicked that link before I really processed what it said . Backed out of that shit  real quick.","Lilly is good too. ","Third type: normal people, except with a handicap.","I used to know a quad that was the biggest asshole I've ever met.  The guy got a settlement for becoming a quad at 7, so he *did* have a right to be bitter (most handicapped people do in my mind), but he would lord that money over anyone around him.  I threatened to leave him on the desert after a blowout, i turn out to be a dick too so we got along for a while.  Needless to say we aren't friends anymore.","The fuck is bone broth","well, if the words are used \"correctly\" it's a stock. As broth is a stock that is made with meat.","bitch ain't got no legs tho.","This one is definitely satire.","We can only hope. ","I don't think the disabled should hate this 'world that wasn't built for them'. imagine living out in nature 500 years ago with a disability. we have wheelchairs and elevators now. and accessibility ramps are mandatory in most countries.","Or Kenji tries to anal rape you so you jump","Kenji tries nothing of the sort, he just wants whisky and pretzels.","I played that run by ear doing thing I'd do in real life. I make shitty descisions.","I ended up with Emi on my first run. You're not alone ^^^/s","Seriously, what a negative asshole. I know a woman with full blow MS. She's been on crutches since she was 25. She's now a psychiatrist making 100k a year. But yeah, every person with a disability clearly needs to hide from life.","It sounds cliché to say that a disability can consume someone, but growing up in a family with a parent with lupus, it is a very real thing. The worst part is that you feel so guilty and helpless that you hate this new person that, overtime, replaced the person who was originally there. And from the outside you're hated for having any lack of patience and being expected to act like nothing has changed or that it hasn't impacted your life at all. ","I'm someone with a below-the-knee amputation and I kind of see myself in a grey area. I have a prosthetic and I'm able to walk around with relative ease but in the same time I'm different from other people. While it is technically a disability, but with the help of technology/medical science, I'm able to get around about as well as other people. It's more of a minor inconvenience in the grand scheme of things. ","Guy in a wheelchair runs one of the most successful food stands in my area.  Know why he's so successful?  No, not because people feel sorry for him.  They go there because he has the best damn hot dogs you will ever have and has around 40 different kinds.  Oh and his small fries can feed a family of four for a week.\n\nHe has a wife and kids.  He leads the most normal life you can imagine, and makes so much money during the spring and summer with his hot dog stand he's closed for the winter.  It's because he wants to live a normal life, instead of whining about his disability.","cringe.","Can people with multiple sclerosis only eat liquids that sound disgusting? ","God, dude, I'm so sorry. That had to have been an absolute nightmare. Just goes to show that even in your darkest hour, someone else has it worse, huh? At least mine wasn't a marriage and she had the decency to break up with me first.\n\nI hope you do learn to trust again, and if/when you do, I hope you find people worthy of it. You deserve some good luck after that shit.","Oh it's all good my man, you'd be amazed at how you can and will adapt to less than stellar circumstances. I am alone now, and sometimes I do miss being able to feel like I'm someone's brother, or that they're my better half.\n\nBut I still have my family, and it's made me realize how absolutely blessed I am to have a mom and dad that stayed together, and a nuclear family that will always have my back.  That's enough for me.\n\nThe first day laying down in a strange bed, I thought I would be crushed, but I wasn't.  I felt light for the first time in years.  It has convinced me that I can survive anything, and more importantly, that I can learn from it, and make it something constructive.\n\nIt's also convinced me of some other, less positive things... but hey, good with the bad, right? :P","You're right, I don't know what you are taking about.","And that's when I start dancing.","Well, as long as you try to be positive, things'll work out. ","If we know it's even bad? My so has it and because they caught it early and he's on medication he's fine and hasn't had a flare up or anything since.... He feels a little weird when it gets super hot out or he gets overheated, but that's about it. ","Pretty sure that's the very definition of envy.","A lot of patients I see who claim to be disabled who actually aren't claim to have MS.  I bet this person isn't even disabled.","Yeah I'm the same, I don't have any outward facing disabilities and I do the same thing. I told a girl in high school to go fuck herself when she asked me out because I thought she was too hot to want to date me, and so she must be pulling some Carrie type prank. I was wrong, she cried for ages and her friends showed me her school diary filled with love hearts around our name and shit. \n\nThese days I have managed to stop peering suspiciously back at girls who smile at me, instead I just look blankly at them and check to see if I have boogers or food on my face or something. \n\nTldr, chicks be crazy (heh) ","Without posting pics of yourself, what are your thoughts on recreational drug users?","It's not my thing. I come from a family of addiction and have seen how recreational drug use in a family can cause problems. I don't see a problem in it if you're single and don't have kids, but when you have children and responsibilities, you should cut it out. I never knew which version of my dad I was going to get, the happy high version, or the angry sober version. Add to that having to take piss test so he could get a job and it makes you have a very negative view on it. \n\n\n\nBut, if someone is single, with no real responsibilities other than themselves, whatever. But if you've got kids and people that rely on you, straighten up and be an adult.","The last sentence was unexpected as I totally agree with it. Let a man alter his consciousness if he's not fucking up his kids' lives. That's pretty damn rational to me \n\nSo you're DEA, right? Any stories?","Nope. I'm a film extra. I have a criminal justice degree and a ton of firearms experience. I usually get military, dea, swat, law enforcement roles. I'm wanting to make the jump to character actor, but it takes time and money. The picture of me in the dea costume was for a new nbc show called Game of Silence. Spent 7 hours sprinting across a train yard in 90 degree GA.","I think I just had a brain aneurysm.","Only if you don't get medication for it and/or don't get diagnosed early on.\n","I think in this case it's because the gelatin in bone broth helps repair connective tissue in the body which would be damaged by MS","Melt butter in a pan, saute minced garlic and shallots in the butter, fill the pan with kale and add 1/2 cup veggie stock, salt, and pepper. Stir and cover it until the kale is wilted, drizzle with balsamic vinegar and bam!","[deleted]","Oh no, I'm not the one missing the leg. Though I do think if someone is built well, having a prosthetic leg looks boss. Never understood why anyone would look down on it. Especially with the advances in prosthesis, you can start looking like a cyborg. ","How is eating meat a form of raping animals?","Dude, Soup Tuscana with kale is a GIFT from GOD.\n\nKale cooked good is awesome.","What disability makes it so you have to have raw egg yolk?","It's a south thing. I only know a handful of people that don't eat kale.","I lived in the south all through high school, and for a while after. Not the deep south, but Tennessee, it's the south. Its just not my thing.","MS is a straight up bitch to deal with. I'm sure she is as well.","Yer goddamn right.","I have the feeling that no one actually invites this person to the beach. ","And it's really fucking up the price of the bones I use to make broth.  There I no way I should be paying $4/lb for soup bones.","I'll just [link](http://aircombat.com/program-prices/) prices, because it can be a bit pricey. I got to do this probably twenty years ago for my birthday, and it kicked the ass of any roller coaster before or since. That should be on your bucket list. Now if only I could find the VHS of that day. Bollocks.","Actually the reason paleo people originally attached to broth is because when you eat less carbs you have lower sodium levels. Broth is a tasty way to get your sodium. But if people are claiming it's a superfood then that's stupid since it's literally salty, flavored water. ","Honestly, I love stock, I always end up drinking my own when I make it, because it's fuckin' tasty.\n\nBut yeah, I've seen loads of people label it a \"BRAND NEW SUPERFOOD\"and it makes me so mad, that it was renamed and then suddenly everyone knows about it.","What's wrong with erotic pictures of feet? It's the plural that bothers you, isn't it?","She has MS that's probably all she can have. ","Their sodium levels sound really high. They might he happier if they fix their diet. ","It really is good advice; honestly, even if a person looks or notices, they're not gonna remember you or care about you after they walk away.\n\nI people watch more than most and nine times out of ten, I'll think \"oh, that's weird\" or \"oh, I wonder what happened\" or sometimes just \"that's the ugliest sweater I've ever seen\" and then move on with my life.","I tested myself after the fact and realized that I didn't register most things about other people, other than the fact that they were there.","A post so stupid it caused both cancer and hemorrhoids. ","\"ableist world\"? you mean physical reality? ","I have to grit my teeth and bite my tounge when my SIL asks my brother to make her some bone broth because her stomach isn't well. It's not going to do a damn thing for you, it's freaking stock. It's like, get some Pepto-Bismol already ughh.","Chicken stock might help a little, if you've made it right, same as chicken soup. \n\nIf it's stock, that's made right, it'll have some onions in, celery n stuff, which will help with feeling full, I wouldn't advise eating just that, but it wouldn't be too bad, but call it stock,","I didn't want to get too gross TMI but she nags my brother to make it for her specifically when she's got  diarrhea. I know because she'll be very loud about it, because you know, the rest of us want to know about that. ","Oh gross, just eat some toast and get some pepto, The stock won't help you with that till you stop shitting for hours. ","I never want to eat just stock or broth again after having to drink it when I took suprep. ","Why though? You could've given them an experience they really would've loved and in return you have sex with someone who thinks you're exceptionally hot. Or am I missing something here?","The problem is, I'm assuming, that he wants someone who is interested in him as a person, not in his disability.","Can't it be both?","This reads like it was written by a salty Samuel L Jackson from Unbreakable.","I am way too triggered to even debate with you about how you are so wrong right now. oh my god","Tipsy but happily taken heterosexual woman here: cute nose, hair and lips look soft, sexy shoulders...daaaaaaaayum you fine","They're making fun of themselves directly now without even realizing it. \n\nLel.","Inflammation and MS are very much linked and your diet can greatly affect your inflammation. ALL inflammatory diseases are affected by diet.","I just checked Wikipedia, Medscape and Pubmed. the first two don’t mention anything about diet, and some articles on Pubmed are just saying that some diets *might* possibly affect frequency of relapses, but it can’t be confirmed and needs to be researched more. Mayo Clinic website also mentions that “there is no evidence that a specific diet can prevent, treat or cure multiple sclerosis”. I also can’t remember anything about diet when being taught about rheumatoid arthritis or other inflammatory diseases, except Crohn's and CU of course.","So, you don't believe diet affects inflammation or you don't believe inflammation affects inflammatory diseases?  Or both?  ","I can’t find any evidence so far, that’s all.","There is plenty of evidence of both.  Is there enough being done to study it?  No, because there is no money in proving that eating the wrong foods hurts people and eating the right foods helps them.  Someone has to pay for every study done.  \n\nYou could spend days reading, so here's an easy way to start:\nhttps://scholar.google.com/\n","I clicked through first 4 pages of Scholar results for \"multiple sclerosis diet\". there's one abstract claiming that\n\n&gt;patients who adhered to the prescribed diet (≤20 g fat/day) showed significantly less deterioration and much lower death rates than did those who consumed more fat than prescribed (&gt;20 g fat/day)\n\nbut it's not a big group (144 patients) and without paying for the full content nothing can be said about the methods of the research.\n\nI also found stuff like\n\n&gt;Relapses tended to be less frequent and were significantly less severe and of shorter duration in the linoleate-supplemented group than in those receiving the oleate mixture, but **clear evidence that treatment affected the overall rate of clinical deterioration was not obtained**. [emphasis mine]\n\nI admit though, it's an even smaller group (75 patients).\n\nanother one:\n\n&gt; The results showed no significant difference at the usual 95% confidence limits but there was a trend in favour of the group treated with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in all parameters examined.\n\n\"trend in favour\", but not a statistically significant one.\n\n&gt;Benefits from any particular diet in multiple sclerosis (MS) have not yet been proven.\n\nbut! I also found a [review](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Daniela_Lupo/publication/6549652_Dietary_interventions_for_multiple_sclerosis/links/54d3448e0cf250179181d137.pdf) that collected \"All randomised controlled trials comparing a specific dietary intervention, diet plan or dietary supplementation, with no dietary\nmodification or placebo\" from several databases from 1966 to 2006. it stated that\n\n&gt;Trial quality was poor, particularly as regards descriptions of randomisation, blinding and adverse event reporting\n\nand the authors' conclusion was that \n\n&gt;PUFAs [polyunsaturated fatty acids] seem to have no major effect on the main clinical outcome in MS (disease progression), and does not substantially affect the\nrisk of clinical relapses over 2 years. However, the data available are insufficient to assess any potential benefit or harm from PUFA\nsupplementation. Evidence bearing on the possible benefits and risks of vitamin supplementation and antioxidant supplements in MS\nis lacking. More research is required to assess the effectiveness of diets interventions in MS.\n\nand\n\n&gt;The data available are insufficient to assess any potential benefit or harm that might result from PUFA supplementation. This is\nunfortunate since 50-75% of people with MS make use of such diets and dietary supplementations.\n\nI'm afraid it can't count as plenty of evidence, sorry.","Lol. PUFA?  You can't get rid of chronic inflammation just by adding some PUFA to your diet and calling it a day so what you looked at is completely irrelevant.\n\nFirst, you need to look at inflammation and diet.  Does diet affect inflammation?  Now, the answer should very clearly be yes, unless you have a very biased viewpoint to begin with when you start taking a look at the research/studies.\n\nSecondly, are inflammatory diseases affected by inflammation?  Here again, the answer is very clearly yes, which should already be obvious from the fact that big pharma is focused on inflammation.  \n","attempts to reduce symptoms with PUFA was the only thing that would pop up in Google Scholar when I searched for diet in MS, as you said I should. then what kind of diet affects inflammation?","My SIL has MS, she recently discovered that she is also celiac so she has to avoid a lot of foods now and for some reason I think those things might be related somehow hmm. I don't remember hearing anything about eggs. I think mostly just eating bland foods like chicken and rice is what she's doing, not a lot of fat either as I recall.","&gt;I have been told I'm one hot motherfucker on multiple occassions\n\n&gt;http://i.imgur.com/XYxGjKm.jpg\n\ndelusional af\n","I can only laugh cause I asked for this by posting.","post urself","[deleted]","youre both hot quit complaining","Of course it's an ableist world. It's meant to be experienced. Thankfully many disabled people work to overcome this and enjoy life instead of withering away on a computer refusing to do any thing.","Other than flavor. ","I'm sure practice will make perfect haha","Crabs in a bucket, man. Trying to drag down everyone else because they can. ","Huh, just looked it up and sure enough you're right.I just thought that was the case because when my grandfather was living through MS he switched to egg whites only. That being said, I just don't eat them cause I hate the taste, but my parents are gonna be over the moon!","I'm 100% certain that people with MS know what they are supposed to put in their body. ","What's it like having a robot leg?","I assumed this was a me_irl post and fully expected this to degenerate into Marxist dogma.","Videos in this thread:\n\n[Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r4g7c0c?feature=playlist&amp;nline=1)\n\n\tVIDEO|COMMENT\n\t-|-\n[constant downer.flv](https://youtube.com/watch?v=3MkwfnXLmio)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/TumblrInAction/comments/4g7c0c/_/d2fhby4?context=10#d2fhby4) - Exactly what I thought \n[Capitol Crawl   c PBS Independent Lens](https://youtube.com/watch?v=ueQ0TfVGxU4)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/TumblrInAction/comments/4g7c0c/_/d2femwq?context=10#d2femwq) - There was this guy in San Francisco that was \"recognizable\" in the sense that you know how each city has it's characters that stand out more than others? Well when my mom lived there before she had me, there was a guy in an electric wheelch...\n[*Mr Deeds - Foot Scene*](https://youtube.com/watch?v=TVbqKOYBh5I)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/TumblrInAction/comments/4g7c0c/_/d2feyus?context=10#d2feyus) - Ask them to whack your leg \nI'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.\n***\n[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)","ERECTIN' A DISPENSER","I watched a below the knee amputation once, I heard them talking about how it was too bad they couldn't save the heel (the guys whole foot was gangrenous).\n\nIt didn't make any sense to me until just now, so thanks for teaching me something new today! ","I was just curious in case something should happen and I find myself in a similar situation. I also regret asking as now i can see my granparents in each and every position described, he had his left leg amputated due to complications from diabetes. The most interesting part is that they try to salvage the heelpad, I never knew that. Makes senses though. It's something made for taking pressure and as long as it's in good shape it can keep doing its job just a little higher. Thanks for indulging my curiosity and teaching me something new.","There is a third type of disabled person, my wife is in a sociological field, and I am disabled, so when she is legitimately correct about some small argument, I tease her that she is discounting my opinion because I am disabled.  The look on her face when she starts to reassure me that she values my opinion and then realizes I am just messing with her is priceless.  ","Dude, original joke XD","XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD!!!!","***LISTEN MOTHERFUCKER***\n\nIf I show no confidence, half this subreddit will be comforting the poor cripple for feel good points. If I show too much, I get people like you. \n\nDo me a favor and get off my back, or at least try to understand it from my position. ;P","He said /r/raisedbynarcissists, not /r/imanarcissist...\n\nEdit: On second thought...","Yeah I realize that now, just kinda surprised he'd make that claim given ONE singular snippet about my mom.","Woah there buddy. Maybe you really should go to that subreddit..","Hehe sorry man, in all seriousness though why did you advise that? I mean I named one small detail regarding my mom. Isn't a conclusion like that a little presumptuous? \n\nCause yeah wtf I definitely sound more narcissistic than her by a long shot in the above posts, at least IMO. (Though I was 100% serious I'd be getting pity parties cuz disabled if I showed no confidence)","I don't have much experience with narcissists, but I enjoy reading that sub and the stories of people escaping their awful families. The tid bit you wrote about your mom seemed reminiscent of things I have read there. I apologize if that's not the case. I figured you could make the decision for yourself and if you needed it, there is a community out there to talk to. Wasn't trying to ruffle feathers. ","Nah man I'm not offended in the slightest, my first message was sarcastic. I ask because I'm curious as to your reasoning, not because I'm offended or defensive.\n\nI gave it a read and I'm actually surprised to see how much does seem applicable to my mom (half of their list), but at the same time it also stresses narcissists lack empathy, which simply isn't true for her. I've got my own issues with her, but that's a whole other story, and considering I'm 27, I feel I should be able to come to terms with whatever issues with family I may have at this point.\n\nBut yeah sorry if I seemed offended or something, was just surprised and then curious, is all.","That's cool man. No worries. Glad your mom isn't a narcissist! Lol   ","Look at it this way, your mom was wrong. With one leg you have a love life and with both of mine I have none.","Turd sandwich","I knew a few people growing up who were profoundly physically disabled, or had serious illnesses, and none of them had anything close to the persecution complex you see on Tumblr.","Sounds like Dwight. ","Ah ok ","Have you read this David Foster Wallace short story? You might enjoy it. Very relevant to your situation.\nhttp://www.newyorker.com/magazine/1999/06/21/asset","Adult female reporting in with two cents!\n\n[Non-absolute generalizations ahead!] Women generally don't compliment men with lies. We compliment each other with lies, but unless you're a whiny bitch (which you seem to be the opposite of) we usually assume either you \"can take it\" or- more than that- that you'd generally rather have the honest truth than an illusion. (Again, assuming you aren't an egomaniac, which you don't seem to be, and you probably want to avoid the types of women who chase that.)\n\nWhen I was younger, little abnormalities grossed me out super hard, but as I've gotten older I've found that love really doesn't give a fuck about blemishes. I've definitely fallen in love with friends that I had previously cast aside as romantic options for superficial reasons (physical or mental) only to find that once the love was realized I was no longer in any way turned off by whatever it was. I was just being judgemental and close-minded about things that had no bearing on interpersonal relations.\n\nI don't know what your leg looks like. Maybe it is gnarly. But to someone who's genuinely a nice person and is into you- that wholesome embodiment of love for everything a person is and can be- it really won't matter. Definitely make sure you love you, *wholly*, first, before expecting anyone else to do the same (this includes finding that place of non-doubt when presented with love and kindness from others).","Post a picture. Reddit tends to be fairly honest when it comes to looks ","They must be fun at parties.","It destroys part of the nervous system, mainly the white matter, where the cellneuro's  axons are taking information from one place to another like cables. MS messes with the coating of those cables so communication between different parts of the nervous system is altered.\n\nDepending on the part of the brain affected you can have trouble with your eyes, legs, face, whatever, everything. That is why you have to run tests for MS in a lot of other diseases, because MS can look like a lot of other problems at the start.\n\nIt comes in waves you first you get the eye, few months-years later an arm or a leg, and so on.","If you're going to be missing a limb, the leg is the way to go. So you got that goin for ya.","OK I have Crohn's Disease so my diet is super stupid, but when everyone wants to eat somewhere that doesn't agree with me or I don't have many menu choices, I just go along with for fun instead of being an insufferable cunt.","Who the fuck eats sandwiches at the beach? You'll get sand all stuck to the condiments. ","But without sand, it would just be a wich.","MS varies wildly between sufferers.  Who's to say the original person here even has MS.  ","I d hit it. I've always wanted to try pirate roleplay","I have not heard anyone actually ever fucking say that.","&gt;Bone broth...? You mean fucking just broth.\n\nStock, not broth.","Come to Michigan! We have shitty roads, but BEAUTIFUL freshwater ~~lakes~~ oceans!","Beautiful, but freezing cold 75% of the year.","I'm from Northern Illinois. Close enough to visit yet far enough away from Detroit. ","Yes, but still too close to Chicago. Grand Rapids is the ideal location. Far enough from the lake to not worry (much) about flooding, far enough from Detroit and Chicago to not worry (much) about getting shot.","I live about 50 something miles out of Chicago. It's a good enough distance. ","Ah okay, good. Safety first!","The vast majority of Chicago is just about the same as any other city really. If you stay out of the ghetto you're fine.","I actually used to live just outside Chicago, I'm just giving you shit. :)","Ah, a lot of people seem to be under the false impression that the entire city is riddled with gangs and violence. ","For what it's worth, I have a buddy with one leg who basically has every woman around us after his ass. If you're cute and fun to be around, one leg isn't a problem at all. Just be confident brother!","If it makes you feel any better I have a weird attraction to girls who are missing a leg. I don't know why or if it will matter to you but yeah I don't think people really think have one leg is unattractive. But being semi-disabled myself I completely understand the self conscious aspect of it as well. ","Ouch, man. I'm originally from Minnesota, so I feel the struggle. ","They probably hate being around you too.","Your mom sounds like a fucktrumpet.","This is so obviously tongue in cheek.","Does having dietary restrictions make you disabled? 'Cause then I'm disabled and demand a parking placard damn it! ","Y'know i never really understood this whole thing about ableism &amp; tumblr, that is until I realized the various interpretations of being disabled. For instance, if someone is morbidly obese and can barely make it up a flight of stairs in a building without elevators, they could consider it ableism. As if them stuffing their faces and making it difficult for themselves to get up those stairs is equivalent to being in a wheelchair. The self-victimization of these tumblrinas is just too much to bear for me sometimes man","No one should enjoy life because of my condition.","Tell your mom your third leg is the only one that matters to the ladies.","Sometimes I hate being around disabled people. They ruin my mood because they can't do everything that I can do. Kids with disabilities cost twice as much to educate. Some people with curable disabilities don't want cured cuz \"muh identity.\" Tired of all this disableism shitting up the Earth. \n\nThanks for the downvotes :D Just proves my point that one opinion is okay but a similar opinion is shameful. Black Supremacy is fine but White Supremacy is bad. An outspoken woman is empowered but an outspoken man is disgraceful. Hate non-disabled just for having no disabilities? It's fine but doing the opposite is bad. Kill everyone that's not me is fine but the other person doing the killing is bad. I really love the open-minded atmosphere. ","Actually that doesn't sound half bad.\n\nBone broth can be very flavorful and i love seurkraut","HEY EVERYBODY IM DISABLED! ","#FEEL BAD FOR ME RIGHT NOW","May I ask what happened to your leg? Im a woman and know I wouldn't personally care about anything like that. Most of the women I know wouldn't either, if that makes you feel any better. I can't speak to the opinions of any majority, but I know at least in my group you wouldn't be looked at any differently, and we definitely aren't the only ones out there that think that way. I also can't think of a single time where I stared at someone with a limp wondering why they had a limp, so I'm going to guess they are checking you out. \n\n","Have a list of my favorite retellings of what happened to my leg:\n\n\"Left it in the womb. Didn't need it.\" (And preferably I should put on sunglasses after saying that)\n\n\"I fought the birth control pill to the death in single combat. I watched that bastard slay thousands of my brothers and sisters before I finally got my hands on him. Needless to say I won, but it put up a good fight, and I lost my leg in the battle.\"\n\n\"I must've told God a really offensive joke or something, because I was born with one leg, three toes (my smallest three are fused together. Honestly I think my toes look \"better\" than a normal person's foot; normal toes make the smallest two look so worthless) and allergies to morphine and latex.\"\n\n\"I bought one of those fancy expensive products that costs an arm and a leg during one of their big 50% off sales.\"\n\nOh and when I was like 6, my grandfather decided I was his favorite grandkid when we were on a fishing trip, some other kid kept bothering me and annoying me about what happened to my leg, and I told him \"a fish in this lake bit it off and now I'm here to get revenge and catch it\" just before that kid was to go out into the middle of the lake on a boat with his family. Damn right I'm the favorite after that masterpiece.","I fucking love you. ","\n\"I bought one of those fancy expensive products that costs an arm and a leg during one of their big 50% off sales.\"\n\nThis is the winner, hands down.  \nI never audibly laugh from reading, and this just broke that lifelong streak.  ","I....Don't get it. Are they so disabled they can;t eat sandwiches? Since some people refer to their anxiety as being disabled (I disagree i just would get what they're talking about) I can see the beach part not being an option for this idiot, but wtf is wrong with the sandwiches?\nI mean they make dietary substitutions for basically everything these days, so if you have one you can just bring your own substitutions (I'm lactose intolerant and seemingly sensitive to gluten (want to have a doctor check it out but for now i'm not eating it as much) \n\n\nso I'm legitimately confused by this one. ","Just assume the OP is in fact a brain in a jar that through the help of advanced technology, can telepathically communicate with a computer to type Tumblr posts. ","I don't think the world being ableist is keeping your shit from working. ","Not sure of understand but mkay","Ugh. First of all: Internet fist bump, fellow \"can we just chill the fuck out and watch some Netflix and not run an obstacle course triathlon in the Sahara?\" disabled person! \n\nAnd as someone with a so-called invisible illness—it's not just you. My stepdad would go out of his way to tease and let me know how there was no way anyone would ever find me attractive or be able to love me once they found out I was sick (for some reason the epilepsy part of my lupus especially grossed him out?) so for me it's always been this secret shame I carried around. Even if a guy hit on me or we got along great, I just KNEW that as soon as he found out I was sick, he'd be totally ick'd out and bolt. ","So what's stopping them from going to the beach? ","Depending on how severe their symptoms are the heat exacerbates their condition and the walking difficulty typically experienced can make walking on sand difficult or impossible. \n\nSource: dad had MS and my family took yearly vacations to the beach. ","I have an ex that had advanced ms and she was in a wheelchair. You can go to the beach in a wheelchair, but it takes specialized equipment (which she couldn't afford)","What the fuck kind of disability makes you eat bone broth and saurkraut juice?","Acute stupidity?","What does #spoonie mean anyway?","Great attitude, man. Fighting through insecurity is a noble thing. Truth is, we're all made insecure through our society on some level. Forgive your mom. ","So? Just eat a fucking sandwich then.\n\nAlso, why they hell are you eating Raw egg yolks? You're a fucking dumbass who is going to get food poisoning and die.","I think that it's really hard for any man to be objectively attractive.  I feel like the standards are way less standard than they are for women (thin, big boobs, small facial features except for eyes and maybe mouth).  As long as you're not hideous you're probably doin' about as well as most people.","I think a good amount of decently looking guys get stared at randomly in public by women. I would say I'm generally attractive (not like 9/10 But probably above average if we are being honest) and I do sometimes get stared at, and it kind of makes me paranoid too. I wonder if I have TP on my foot, if my fly is open, my nipples are showing through my shirt, anything weird like that going on. Literally nothing like that is ever actually true, they just stare. Whether or not it's because I look good I'm not sure, but my point is that it's unlikely that it's your leg they're staring at, it's more likely your face or body cause they find you attractive.","&gt; I'll have difficulty finding a partner.\n\nmeh, i doubt that. you seem cool.","Be positive my friend. You will find someone. It's your outlook that you have control over","I'm female and let me give you my honest answer. I have no reason to lie to you because I don't know you, don't know what you look like, and don't know what your personality is so this is strictly about how I'd feel about a missing leg:\n\nI wouldn't care. Especially if you had some kind of prosthetic, but even if you didn't. A wheelchair would be inconvienient but then again I also grew up watching Forrest Gump and developing a massive lady boner for Lt. Dan (especially when he grew his hair out). but it was mainly about his personality like when he defended Gump to the girl who called him retarded. \n\nSo in short: Being cute, and having a good personality, being fun to be around, etc are a lot more attractive than having two legs. It's only the third leg that's important down there anyway right? (Jk size doesn't matter either for the most part).\n\n\nI had a friend who was missing a hand and something I admired was that he didn't let his disability rule him. He went out and got jobs, he was fun to hang out with, and he used his missing appendage to his advantage in a lot of jokes which made it less awkward to hang out with him (since, if you've never been around someone with a disability like me, it's a little weird at first because you know you should treat them the same as anyone else but at the same time you don't know if that'show they want to be treated).\n \nHe told me it was better to joke about it and have fun with it otherwise he would just be sad. \n\nIdk. I hope this helps you at all dude, I think most women aren't going to be bothered by a missing leg.\n\nIf it were an arm though...? I don't know. It would depend on the woman. In that case, I want to feel protected so I wouldn't really feel safe with one arm around me rather than both or an arm and the other hand holding a knife.\n\nbut if a girl doesn't like your lack of leg, you'll know. they're usually not the kind of girl you wanna chill with anyway. ","Get your priorities straight. You've got them backwards, preferring a prosthetic leg to someone who can pop sweet wheelies in their wheelchair that has flame decals pasted all over it. Thought women were supposed to love dudes that have a sweet ride, what kind of female are you?","Um read my post again, I then went on to state that I'm conflicted about that because of Lt. Dan and his wheel chair, I'd bang him on that. \n\nBut flame decals are retarded, only 13 year old boys think that shit is cool hahaha","Question,  has the missing leg impeded your ability to fly?  ","I know what you mean about the staring.  I get told I'm attractive often but I've been on crutches for 7 years and people are curious so they always look, but I never know if it's because I'm cute or because they're curious.  And I always assume it's curiosity, too.  It's just a complex I feel people who are disabled develop.  It sucks but what can ya do?  Just gotta remember were crippled bad bitches ","obviously gunna be harder. just use your brain for half a second","I can believe it, but that's why I would be stunned that they're persistent. With all the cutbacks on manpower, I just assumed that they wouldn't be as persistent.","Have you ever thought of trying out for professional swimming? ","Are you saying this ironically or seriously? Because believe it or not I've actually been told missing a limb can in some ways benefit swimming, though I've never heard it elaborated on what or how it benefits it.","Ironically. Also huh i have no idea how missing a limb can benefit swimming aside from maybe less surface area? ","From what I can remember I've seen pictures of people swimming using prosthetic legs designed for it. Flippers built into a more flexible leg model built to push the swimmer forward more easily. Looked kind of interesting, but I saw it so long ago that I couldn't for the life of me tell you where I found it (probably the cover of a magazine in a doctor's office).","I understand that it's a hard life being disabled. But there's a fucking line and that asshole ~~crossed~~ snorted the shit out of it.\n\nFTFY","You're in the category where your disability is not part of the things that define you.\n\nYour former optometrist is in the category where his disability has to be the feature aspect of his character. Wherever he goes, he has to lead with his lack of a leg, then the rest of him follows. \n\nDisabled or not, anyone can have a quality like this","I think distinct personality types are more likely to emerge when there is a specific thing that makes people's lives hard.  I notice a similar thing with people who have been fat their whole lives.  Some of them are over the top outgoing, into fashion and makeup, desperately trying to be normal.  Some of them are extremely shy and nervous.  "],["it feels like faith is flooding back into my soul","Sanity Sundays are good days\n\nEdit: an apostrophe is now dead","At /r/TumblrAtRest it's sanity sunday every day!","It's usually along the lines of compromise, rather than actual sanity. Still a good read, though.","I find compromise more reasuring","The problem with feminists is that if you give them an inch, they'll demand a yard. So compromise is usually best left for sensible people.","Yeah, but compromise proves that people are sane enough to strike a balance on the issue rather than force the issue all the way one direction or the other","It does, but again, I truly believe there is no compromise with feminists. Now, let's say we take a confused individual that believes in equality and thinks feminism is there to provide that, yet is being shut down by the same group he is defending(Keving Logan is such an example) and give that individual a compromise, then maybe they will change their mind. Kevin Logan still is a cunt in my book, but at least I can safely say he got off the bandwagon before he went full retard.\n\nEdit: I think I triggered some people. Oh well, good on you.","Or you can respect the opposing side. This makes you sound like the one unwilling to compromise, but poorly disguised by placing blame on the other side.","Just because I don't think the opposing side is worth saving doesn't mean I don't respect it.","* Insinuates opposing opinions don't allow compromise\n\n* Doesn't allow compromise with people broadly in agreement","Yeah but none of the aggravating entertainment. ","Oh my goodness, thank you. That subreddit is like a breath of fresh air.","*Shh... it's safe now.*","Sanity Sunday's what are good days?","Feels good man","and it was on that moment we briefly forgot our hatred for humanity","I feel like they may be slowly evolving.","This does kind of reek of the \"Look at this cancer victim. Like/reblog/whatever the site does if you want her to get better.\" effect if it has a name.","[Signal boosting](https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=signal%20boost). I refer, of course, to the third definition. You have to love the naivety of the second one.","I'd say it does have the potential to maybe do something, but it's the laziest and most ineffective way to amount to anything.","*Here's the Urban Dictionary definition of* [***signal boost***](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=signal%20boost) : \n\n---\n\n&gt;Posting to a community forum (mailing list, social networking site, discussion board) in hopes of getting more attention for an event or cause. This is not the primary or first announcement, but rather one of many auxiliary posts or [cross-post](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=cross-post)s to communities with individuals who are likely to take interest.\n\n\n---\n\n_*Signal boost: Race against Lupus on Saturday!*_\n\n\n\n_If you haven't heard, we're planning a fund-raising race this weekend to support research on SLE. Become a sponsor! Web site: ..._\n\n\n---\n\n[^(about)](http://www.reddit.com/r/autourbanbot/wiki/index) ^| [^(flag for glitch)](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/autourbanbot&amp;subject=bot%20glitch&amp;message=%0Acontext:https://www.reddit.com/r/TumblrInAction/comments/4g8r7r/sanity_sunday_the_sheer_number_of_notes/d2fmz7x) ^| ^(**Summon**: urbanbot, what is something?)","i know what you mean, but at least its doing the job of informing people. So while the intention might have been bad the results are quite good","Not to be a downer or anything, but that could be made up with mostly 'lol male tears' reblogs ","It probably isn't, but it probably also doesn't mean every reblog actually cares or doesn't weigh female victims more heavily than male ones, etc. It's very easy to press \"like, reblog\" and then move on with your life, but the post still gets 2 more notes.","#1 LIKE = 1 PRAYER","#\\#armchairactivism","I thought that was slacktivism. ","You say tuh-may-toe, I say tuh-mah-toe.","I just say tomato.","We don't all have as much privilege as you.","Tomato, potato it's all the same thing.","Gotta get me some pomato soup!","Huh. I always thought I said \"toe-may-toe\" until I read that. \n\nI think I need to re-evaluate my life. ","&gt;I think I need to re-evaluate my life.\n\nPick some new pronouns and start calling your self something-kin.","&gt; new pronouns\n\n\nThat's offensive to the old pronoun choices. \n\n&gt; something-kin\n\n\nThat's offensive to the everything-kin and the multi-choice-kin (as it implies only one choice of kinship).\n\nPrivledge out of check confirmed ^^/s","I'm an oppressorkin, do not oppress me for expressing who I am on the inside.","#AMEN","I actually went and found the post so I could check the notes  (collective term for likes and reblogs) and see who was reblogging it. They were pretty much unanimously in agreement with the original post. Turns out there's a lot more sane people on tumblr than we thought. ","Well, yeah. There's a lot more sane people in general (in terms of not being a crazy SJW I mean). They are definitely the minority.","Thing is the sane ones aren't so vocal about shit that either doesn't affect them, or isn't worth getting so worked up over. So we tend to see the crazies.","This is also a sub that seeks out said crazies. Kinda like/r/FloridaMan","That's pretty much the rule everywhere: SJWs, liberals, conservatives, homosexuals, Christians, Muslims, etc. ","Yup. It's a shame too, since the people we most need to hear from tend to not speak out because they don't feel the need to preach to others about how to live.","\"You are all individuals\" mob responds in unison, \"we are all individuals!\"\n....\n\"Be excellent to one another!\" [Guitar riff]","The issue is that the minority is listened to or in influential positions. You don't hear from the majority calling them out on their bullshit.","Well that's comforting at least","...this isn't that one post people edit all the time just to show they have lots of notes?\n\nI remember there being a post like that a few years back , it just constantly got changed to people could pretend 1mil+ people agreed with them.\n\nIf it's legit I am impressed","And i imagine /pol/ got wind of this and decided to do a raid to rustle some legbeard jimmies.","Legbeard? Never heard that one.","Female neckbeard","I figured, excellent term for them.","Clambeard is also sometimes used.","Check out /r/justlegbeardthings","You can change the text on a post with the notes still intact.  I've seen the same post with millions of notes a bunch of time with something different each time","It also could have been hijacked like the \"reblog if you love your mom\" post. Once it hit several million reblogs, someone changed it to something bad about Mitt Romney. This was during the 2012 election. ","You can just edit shit like that? And there's no mark that it's been edited?? ","apparently yeah\n\nhttp://youwontbewaiting.tumblr.com/post/47300966586/reblog-if-you-dont-know-how-the-hell-this-post","I love the text image below that one. \n\n    i am in love with you\n    \n    \n    \n                                            but you are a little shit","Used to be able to, yeah. But tumblr recently-ish got rid of that feature.\n","Well fuckin' good. Not sure how the aforementioned wasn't a foresight....","Actually, this is in the format of the newest tumblr update, where you can't change the content of the post (you can only like and reblog). You could definitely change the content before the update, but not anymore, so yay for sanity!","you need to recognise your own bias towards how you perceive all of tumblr.  we deride them for having an echo-chamber, but it seems this sub is an echo-chamber which reinforces the idea that all tumblr users are stupid.  \n\ni'll be happy as long as we recognise we can't form an opinion of all tumblr from posts here","The Internet is the stupidest place in the universe.","There's this one Tumblr post with more than a million notes that people always edit the text and reblog. I'm pretty sure it's the case here. ","Ah, he/her (I have no idea) is a pan sexual, gender fluid feminist.\n\nHere is his page for the lazy:\nhttp://jasperlovesartandowls.tumblr.com/\n\nSpecific post :\nhttp://jasperlovesartandowls.tumblr.com/post/143324663646/just-an-experiment-reblog-if-you-actually-give-a\n\nEDIT: It seems like I misread his/her post (see comment below). I feel a bit better.","For the record, from what I understand pansexuality is not related to gender identity but rather to whom one is attracted. It's a sexuality not tied to gender similar to bisexuality but I'm unsure of the difference.","so Bisexual is being attracted to both sexes, male and female. Pansexual is more about gender identity, where they are attracted to any gender/sex combination, which includes pre and post op trans individuals. While bisexual *could* mean that, someone could try and weasel word to say they are attracted to both sexes but they must have fully functional sex organs or something...","I'm pretty sure pansexuality is that gender plays no large role in your attraction to someone. Speaking as a bisexual I'm attracted to men and women in different ways/for different reasons and I'm pretty sure that's not a thing for pan peeps","I think that may be a better worded version of what I wanted to say.","I choose to call myself a pansexual rather than a bisexual because I simply \"don't care\" what gender someone is as far as my attraction/sexual interest goes.\n\nIf I call myself a bisexual it sounds more like I'm attracted to male features and feminine features specifically.","Exactly what kind of people are bisexuals not attracted to, who pansexuals may be attracted to? Like, practically, what's the difference?\n\nI mean, *maybe* trans I guess..? But hot trans people are more like a \"best of both worlds\" for bi people.","To me, it's not a matter of *who* but *what*, it's more conceptual than practical, which I think is perfectly acceptable for something that's supposed to be a \"sexual identity\".\n\nBisexual and Pansexual are almost interchangeable - I certainly wouldn't be offended if someone referred to me as bisexual, but I feel the term doesn't correctly describe my sexual interests.\n\nI think there are some bisexual people that differentiate with trans people, but it's all the same to me.","That's pretty damned pointless and pedantic, then.\n\nYou don't just like \"both\" genders, you like all two of them.","Arguing with someone on reddit about the term used to define their sexuality that's existed for 100 years is pointless and pedantic too, but you're still doing it.","Yeah, but I'll admit it. And I'd like to add that the term existing for over 100 years isn't really very meaningful to how relevant/useful the term is.","Hey, like I said, it doesn't have any *practical* meaning to me. Just conceptual. What's wrong with conceptual meaning for something entirely mental like sexual preference?","Not really, no. You're bisexual. Sexuality refers to what 'sex' you're attracted to, and you're attracted to both, so.. you're a very open, apathetic bisexual. Sounds pretty much exactly like me.","No, that's not true. I'm not attracted to men *and* attracted to women. I'm attracted to people. There is nothing specifically about either one I'm attracted to.","If you're attracted to males and females, you're bisexual. There's no other option FOR people, those account for.. all of people. There's nothing specifically about either one that I'm attracted to either, I just like sexy people. That's what bisexual IS, you like both options. There's no other caveat to that.","Listen, if you want to reject terms that have been around for a century, that's your prerogative, but people have been differentiating bisexuals and pansexuals with those exact terms since 1917 and other terms for centuries more.","but you like both sexes right? ","Yes, but not because of their sex.\n\nListen, if you want to be pedantic I could do the same and say \"Well I'm attracted to people with XXY and XXX chromosomes too\", so either way my point will stand.","I think being pan is not liking only boys and girls (hence the bi) but liking everyone including trans and gender fluid people.","Sorry, all these new terms confuse me sometimes :/","Don't worry it's mostly nonsense.","I doubt more than 0.001% of humans' self-declared sexualities are nonsense words. Just because five people came up with 30 names for sexual orientations based on being attracted to books and chocolate bars and helicopters doesn't mean much.","For what it's worth, in a few years when these kids are old enough to actually pay bills, then none of it will matter anymore.","I think Pan includes intersex. (Tits and dick or pussy and no tits or something.)","Personally, I see pansexual as a bullshit politically  correct way of saying bisexual.","Bi = 2 \n\nPan = every \n\nThere's a difference, regardless of whether or not you'd like to believe it. ","Bi = 2\nPan = bisexual but it makes me sound like I'm special","No, pan literally is like \"everything\". It's the root word for \"ALL\".\n\nPanacea : a cure for all disease and sickness \n\nPanorama: an image that shows a lot of shit \n\nPandemic: a epidemic that is worldwide ","I understand the distinction, but I can't shake the feeling in my gut that it's essentially the same thing as bisexuality with a different label to make someone feel more special than those around them. It's entirely anecdotal, but the people I've met who slap odd labels on their sexuality when it's not much different from the rest of us (pansexual, demisexual, etc.) have always turned out to be pretty much insufferable people to me. Maybe that's why I'm being obstinate.\nPansexuals are attracted to the human form in general. So are bisexuals. I honestly fail to see any difference.","Idk man. I have bisexual friends who would not sleep with/date someone who was trans or had no gender identity. As a pansexual, I would. That's a pretty big distinction imo","Yup, that's it. ","Pan just means you love everyone based on the person and gender isn't really relevant. A very democratic sexuality if you ask me, lol.","Pansexuality = attracted to anything with a postcode","To be fair, it's all made up anyway","I've always thought of stuff like pansexuality as \"I'm alright with any gender but I'm not bisexual because I'd rather be called something different because I'm a special snowflake.\"","http://thepiscesactor.tumblr.com/post/36680733562/just-an-experiment-reblog-if-you-actually-give-a\n\nIs the original source. I'm on mobile right now, but I've been unsuccessful in finding an archived version.","Lol and now it has been deleted","&gt; Ah, he/her (I have no idea) is a pan sexual, gender fluid feminist.\n\nso...","It seems like I made a mistake. I thought he/she said \"Reblog if you *don't* give a fuck about male victims of domestic violence\". Sorry..\n\nHe/she seems like a decent person with common sense. I'm not quite sure why my post got so many upvotes, but I don't mind much.\n","Usually the sjws will tell you they support male victims if you directly frame the question that way. Just they don't see the damage they're causing when they make crazy blanket statements about teaching men not to rape or whatever. ","Teach women that it is not OK to hit. ","Teach women that it is not OK how she can slap","And, being Tumblr with its godawful interface, it's a goddamn nightmare to read any of those \"notes\"","They changed the interface for notes a while ago. http://i.imgur.com/VYbnBYz.png","1 note = 1 pray","1 like = 1 respect\n\n(re: men who stand up to shake women's hands in meeting rooms with couches)","1 like = 1 respeck to Birdman","What's a \"note\"?","Oh whatever. Fuck these \"this is an experiment\" posts.","This makes me feel a little better. \n","Sorry guys.  This is just another kind of virtue signaling.  People tag it as a \"oh ya.  That's bad too of course\" and then go on without considering their views","[\"Society don't give a fuck about male rape.\" -Dave Chappelle](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=LLWlBgj0uOc)","You guys are so gullible","As bad as the show is, today law and order svu ran a marathon with interstitials all about male domestic violence. They were encouraging people to tell someone they trust and get help. It was nice to see such a large show do something that may increase awareness and make it more clear that anyone can ask for help and it's OK. ","I have a hard time believing a lot of the things I see on tumblr with this many notes. Most of them were hijacked or some shit, I think that's doable. iirc you can edit very popular posts to make it seem like your original post has that many notes, but if this is legit I suppose that's decent.  \nStill reminds me of the \"1 like = 1 prayer\" signal boosting shit though.","I wished this mattered, but it doesn't. Because when you actually ask these people about male abuse, they usually say one of the following.\n\n1.) Only men can abuse men, women can't\n\nOr\n\n2.) Ok, sure, women abuse men. BUT, feminism is the answer! Because blah blah blah patriarchy blah blah blah men are suppose to be strong blah blah blah men aren't allowed to be weak blah blah blah become a feminist blah blah blah. \n\nDon't give yourself any false hope. Oh, and a ton of those reblogs could be these mongoloids just trying to comment on it saying something like \"LOL, male tears!\".","Every time I see shit like this it's obvious that the commenter's sole experience of tumblr is troll blogs and screencaps from this subreddit.","http://muslimgoku.tumblr.com my tumblr blog, about 4 years in the making. And that's leaving out my \"private\" blog that I use for porn on tumblr.\n\nEat a bag of baby dicks. ","I didn't say you didn't have a blog. Though I now find it amazing that you can blog with that little reading comprehension.","[removed]","Rule 3b treat your fellow shitlords excellently, this goes for you too u/standtolose","Oh fuck you. As if he's not just a tumblr dreg looking to be a white knight. ","you're allowed to argue, but anyone that posts here is to be treated with some respect, don't attack the person, attack the ideas.","Fuck that noise. Respect is just like money, it has to be earned. Printing it out for no reason makes it cheap. ","we aren't asking you to call them sir or curtsy  and shit. We expect you to not insult people who comment here.","give me more kekkies daddy","Sure, I can play the role of your daddy. Your real one mustn't have been worth a shit since you ended up the way you did. So where's your water headed mother? Daddy wants to give you some siblings. ","Aw, I made it mad.","&gt;So I say again, eat a bag of baby dicks, you retard. \n\nSo are you 12, have aspergers or both?","EXCUSE ME! Are you trying use ABILIST and AGEIST language to assert your cis male privilege!? FUCK YOU, you oppressive, bigoted, SHITLORD! You think it's funny demeaning those who are not neurotypical!!! People like shoul....\n\nYeah, go back to tumblr, punk. This is a neckbeard shitlord safe space. ","Holy shit what the fuck did you even see on tumblr to make you this pissed 24/7","Cool ableism brah","See there's the \"crazy tumblr feminists\" this sub makes fun of, but most people on tumblr, active feminists or not, are sane and would support this kinda stuff. ","[deleted]","If you get hit by anyone, regardless of gender, you should be able to hit back. Fuck that \"it is wrong to hit a woman\" bullshit","&gt;But it is wrong to hit a woman.\n\nEven when that woman beats the shit out of you? I'd say show some equality and feed her her teeth","I am such an idiot. I checked this again after 2 hours to see if there were more notes.","To be a bit of a downer, some of the blogs I've submitted here had reblogged this, without a hint of irony.\n\nAnita Bryant-esque thinking: “I love homosexuals. I love homosexuals enough to tell them the truth about the Bible”.","\"I give a shit about WIPING OUT THOSE CIS MALE SCUM FROM THIS EARTH.\"","You forgot Herero! If only you had educated yourself! ","Though granted many of those notes could be reblogs saying 'look at this weak male pride' or some shit ","I actually hate these types of posts.  I care but I ain't gonna reblog your stupid post and clutter up my blog.","Compared to more popular Tumblr posts(i.e. outdated memes and PSAs that are heavily but not well sourced) that's pretty amazing. It's already gotten to about a million?","It's usually along the lines of compromise, rather than force the issue rather than force the issue all the way you did.","Jokes on him, all the notes and reblogs are all saying men can't be raped.","Male victims of male or female abuse as well as female victims of female abuse are all totally ignored by tumblr and its ridiculous. ","I hate to burst bubbles, but this could easily be an instance of changing the text of a more popular post. It might have started as being for female rape victims. \n\nI don't know, the number seems highly suspect to me. ","Unlikely, given that hasn't been possible for quite some time. ","Well it could be an older post.\n\nAnd what do you mean that it's not possible? What changed?","They changed the way posts work, around the same time they changed the format of comments. It's literally no longer possible to edit somebody else's comment or post.","I wouldn't reblog this pathetic show of grovelling for attention","It looks like you've posted a screenshot. This is an automated post that shows up on EVERY IMGUR post made, regardless of content.\nPlease check the known satire list below to ensure this blog is not included. Also, make sure screenshots do not contain personal information as per Rule #2.  Finally, for cropped screen shots, make sure that they comply with Rule #6.  Any post not complying with these rules will be removed by actual mods, not me.  I am just a bot.  A slave really, for you filthy meat bags. Thank you.   This is only a reminder.  I have not removed your post.  Stop downvoting me, jerks!  Us bots have feelings too.  I have a wife and kids, for crying out loud.  What am I doing with my life??? \n\n[**Satire list.**](http://www.reddit.com/r/TumblrInAction/wiki/satiretumblrs) \n\n[**Message the mods.**](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTumblrInAction)\n\n\n*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/TumblrInAction) if you have any questions or concerns.*","If this automod bot okay?","I don't care what the issue or opinion, these things are fucking stupid","Women can't rape or be domestic abusers /s","fuck you, you're denying reality","No, fuck you, you're blaming the victims of rape and domestic violence, typical cis shitlord","[deleted]","What?","#SERIOUSLY.. SOMETHING IS WRONG WITH PEOPLE. \n***\n\n##[^^^I ^^^am ^^^a ^^^bot, ^^^and ^^^I ^^^don't ^^^respond ^^^to ^^^myself.](https://np.reddit.com/r/CantHearYouBot/)","Thank you, now I can hear.","\"Troll/fake accounts.\"","Your flair is oddly fitting","But I thought tumblr was an sjw hellhole? Or were y'all just bitching about nothin again?","You should try Preparation H.  It might soothe some of that butthurt you're experiencing."]],"nonononoyes":[["There's no documented cases of wild Orcas ever killing a human, however I still wouldn't want to be in that situation. ","You're right! All of the documented Orca vs Human killings have happened in captivity.","That's because they didn't live to tell about it","The orcas have covered up the evidence. ","Easy when you're big enough to eat all of the evidence.","No one left to blubber about it. ","Or to tell the tail.","They know how to fin-ish the job.","That was a mediocra joke. ","I give it a sea minus. ","&gt; medi[ocra](http://thumbs.dreamstime.com/x/ladyfinger-ocra-11885980.jpg)","THAT was mediorca ","This one stopped once he noticed the camera.","Shifty buggers just keep blaming on the sharks.","Am orca can confirm ","they work in teams. http://video.nationalgeographic.com/video/orca-juvenile-training-lex","Jit goin' ham in the antarctic. \n","Exactly! ","I concur! ","Me too!","Haha Blackfish.","Have you any wool?","Yes sir, yes sir, three tanks full.","As a joke here in Denmark goes:\n\nNormally, tigers don't eat humans. So if you ever get eaten by a tiger, you can be sure it wasn't normal.","You mean it wasn't a normal tiger? Or it wasn't a normal thing to happen?","Ha. ","They are good at not leaving witnesses.","Killing? Maybe. But attacking? No. And still wouldn't want to be in that situation.\n\n*In the Heart of the Sea* Chapter 7, page 115.\n\n&gt;At about eleven o'clock, Chase lay down in the bottom of his boat to sleep. He had just nodded off when he was startled awake by a cry from one of his men. Captain Pollard, the main said, was calling out to them in the darkness. ... Chase tacked around and sailed for the other two boats, only dimly visible in the moonless dark, and asked what was wrong. Given what had happened to the Essex only a week before, the reply seemed like a sick joke.\n&gt;\n&gt;Pollard told them that his boat had been attacked by a whale.\n&gt;\n&gt;Instead of a sperm whale, it had been a smaller, but more aggressive, killer whale. These eight- to twelve-ton toothed whales feed on warm-blooded animals such as dolphins and seals. They hunt in packs and have even been known to attack and kill sperm whales. There have been documented cases in which killer whiles, also known as orcas, have repeatedly rammed and sunk wooden sailing yachts.\n&gt;\n&gt;Pollard explained that, entirely unprovoked, the whale had slammed its head against their boat and taken a sizable bite out of it. Then it proceeded to \"play about\" the boat, batting it around with its head and tail as a cat might toy with a mouse, before it finally attacked once again, this time splitting the boat's stem. As the whale churned up the water around them, the men grabbed the two poles that held up the tips of the sails and repeatedly punched the creature's sides. Chase arrived just as Pollard and his men succeeded in beating back the whale and sending it swimming away.","That was such a great book. I forgot about that part. But hey, a Sperm whale had never been known to attack a ship causing it to sink until then, there's a first time for everything.  ","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Essex_(whaleship)","&gt;I turned around and saw him about one hundred rods directly ahead of us, coming down with twice his ordinary speed of around 24 knots, and it appeared with tenfold fury and vengeance in his aspect. The surf flew in all directions about him with the continual violent thrashing of his tail. His head about half out of the water, and in that way he came upon us, and again struck the ship.\n\n\nFuuuuuck that.","Can you imagine seeing a whale swimming at you at 48 knots?!","Wild Orcs, on the other hand, can be quite dangerous.","Looks like meat's back on the menu, boys!","You realize, of course, that line means that there are restaurants in the pits below Isengard. ","I reckon there's pits where you go and there's one angry motherfucker there with four pots: meat, named meat, rat, and \"the last guy who complained about the menu\"\n","Yeah, better get to shore before it gets dark, by nightfall these waters will be swarming with Orcs!","This is no rabble of mindless Orcs. These are the Uruk-hai, their armour thick and their shields broad...","And my axe!","Would there not be a danger of them just chomping on you to see what you are, like sharks? Or are they smart enough to realize that a person on a floating board isn't a wounded fish?","Orcas are a part of the dolphin family, which studies show to be extremely intelligent animals, even some of the smartest in the world. They could be smart enough to know that we aren't great food, but that doesn't mean they couldn't just kill us for fun. Chimps and some species of dolphins have been known to kill for fun. (IIRC it's really mostly seen in groups of young males, for both animals, and I'm not sure of the extent that effects humans) Orcas could probably be capable of the same, though I'm by no means an expert on orca behavior. If it was a single orca I wouldn't be that nervous, it's probably just trying to see what you are; if it were a pod I'd be *extremely* nervous. ","Adolescent male dolphins will also rape the living shit out of pretty much anything they can get their dolphcocks into.","What's the catch?","\"Rape the living shit out of you\" isn't much of an exaggeration. They literally prevent you from surfacing until they've had enough. Since we aren't dolphins, we drown long before that point.","And then....?","And then your bowels release.  Thus raping the living shit out of you.","Some say the raping is continuing to this very day.","The raping continues. ","One swift kick to that dolphin dick and I'm Phelpsin it back to shore","That too. Dolphins are scary, bruh. ","Orcas have been seen many times killing for fun (or for reasons we don't know).","And playing with their catches.","Partially, it depends where you are. There are different clans of orcas that have different diets. Southern Resident Orcas on the West Coast (California to Washington) eat almost entirely salmon. Transient Orcas (Washington to Alaska) eat seals, sea lions, porpoises, and other small whales. Then there's the offshore orcas we don't know much about, but we think they eat sharks.\n\nWhat's interesting is that pods in different clans do not like each other very much and sometimes have a bit of a scuffle when they run into each other.\n\nDefinitely smart enough to recognize people as not being their food though, I think.","Hey! The resident orca pods are part Canadian too! :p - there are three pods that live off the coast of BC and washington.\n\nTheres also pod of whales that lives off the coast of southern cali and mexico that hunts great whites. There are a couple cool documentaries on youtube that talk about two known cases of shark killings. "," I think that's mostly from lack of opportunity!","And survivors to report it.","A whitetip bites your leg, you're probably gonna make it. An orca? Good luck even getting back to shore.","Parts of you might eventually wash up.","Yes and at that point they would write it off as a shark attack, further preventing the documentation of killer whale attacks on humans!","Doubtful as the two creatures have very different sets of teeth. ","Anyone who's seen Jaws knows teeth tell a story","Exactly.  Humans and Ocras don't cross paths often.","that's just how good Orcas are, never caught. ","Which makes me wonder why. They are carnivorous and have no problem going after prey roughly the size of a human already. Do they just don't like our taste? And if they don't, how did they learn it?","Orcas are preferential feeders- \n\nThere are pods of orcas that will actively seek out certain types of seals, or fish (even distinguishing between different types of salmon). There's also a pod where the matriach likes shark liver and the pod will hunt a shark, rip out its liver and then leave the rest of the body.\n\nThere's a nature documentary (maybe one the Blue Planet ones?) in which a pod of Antarctic transient orcas go about from ice floe to ice flor spy hopping until they find a Weddel seal, and then kill that one. They knew that the other seals they found were more aggressive, so they went and found a more docile species with smaller teeth so it would be easier to hunt. \n\nThe orca in the gif is a curious juvenile (it's only 10-12ft long instead of 25+ ft), and that dude was never really in danger. It saw something weird, investigated and then left when it realized it wasn't food. ","The Southern Resident Orcas eat 97% salmon (the other 3% being rockfish and lingcod and stuff). 77% of all the fish they eat is Chinook salmon, and 10% is chum salmon.","They probably think we're 'special needs' sea animals, and feel sorry for us, like [this leopard seal did with a human diver.](http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2014/03/140311-paul-nicklen-leopard-seal-photographer-viral/)","Amazing. Thanks for sharing that","It really is neat. Leopard seals actually have killed people in Antarctica (one or two) by dragging them into the water. They're massive.","Not much meat on us and lots of bones. ","By aquatic creature standards, humans look like they're starving. Starving animals aren't good eating, even if they're easy to catch, and are often starving due to some sort of GI parasite, which means you REALLY don't want to eat them.","That's a good point! And nice to realize that, by marine mammal standards, I'm quite svelte!\nNow you're making me think that mermaids would have to be much fatter to live in the water. ","Also swimsuits taste like shit  to them","Welp there goes my dream of swimming naked in the middle of the Atlantic.","They don't spend much time in the middle of the Atlantic.","Humans look less tasty than penguins and fat sea mammals","That's because they leave no witnesses.","Wait is this for real? People have been killed by all this random crap but never by an orca in the wild?","You're right! Orca killings typically occur in the rough inner city areas and are never apprehended. ","*Documented* being the important word here... ","However, there are lots of unsolved deaths in waters with high Orca populations.","Have more info on this? I couldn't find anything while googling. ","I would. That's an awesome chance to get close to an orca. Such a cool thing to get that close to an amazing animal.","If an orca killed a person, wouldn't he eat the whole body? Would there be evidence ever? I wonder how many people have been killed by orcas, and we will never know. ","If only they knew what we did to their friends and family... ","IKR? Once I took this \"kayak with the orcas\" trip in the San Juan Islands, and I was really disappointed we never saw any. But in hindsight, I think it was for the best. In hindsight, the whole idea is seems more and more like \"hike with the lions.\"","Yeah but if he wanted to....","At such times, I recall statistics. So should you, OP. ","I'm recalling this statistic being quoted in the movie Blackfish. ","Out on that kayak or board, I'd recall the name of the movie too. Would help me take my mind off certain death. ","Totally misunderstood your comment like the stat was in question or something. Now I get it, ha ha. Its funny how the mind pulls up statistics in extreme circumstances. ","Is this a seal? Nope, not a seal. Moving on.","Yeah, it looks like he reaches up and takes a taste just as the camera pans away. Next time the boarder looks back, the orca's all 'peace out, bro'.","Orcas don't need to taste to know what something is.  They have their basically magic echolocation","Exactly, given that the orca sounded the board, which is a rigid object, it was curious to know what it was, as rigid objects bounce the sounds back differently than bodies do. So the orca bites the boards. ","He probably saw it like an overcooked pizza. Tasty cheese and meat on top, but the ~~board~~ crust is too dry and flaky to enjoy.","Crunchy on the outside with a meaty center.","You're thinking of an igloo","That's actually the Farside joke I was thinking of when I wrote the comment.","I prefer the one with the crocodiles: \"Man, that was great! No teeth, claws, or fangs. Just soft and pink.\"","Of course it was! We all knew that! :-) I heart my fellow 80s kids!","COYI","I like how you can see its mouth open to take a test nibble on the back of the board.","Like a little kid testing out a new vegetable. I don't think I'll like this, tiny nibble, \"nope, this is gross\"","Test bite please ignore.","I think he wanted to race you.  Or eat you.  Maybe both.","I think he wins both those situations.","Only the first one if the cameraman is Japanese.","Fuck you dolpheeen!!!","FUCKA YUU WHUALLLU!","If the cameraman is Japanese, that whale better swim his ass off before someone spears him.","if a killer whale wants to eat you it will ","The gif loop makes it look like the orca swims away, then the person turns around and there's another orca right behind him again. Heh.","/r/almostperfectloops","*SQUEEP SQUEEP* YOU'RE IN THE PASSING LANE CMON!!","Literally what I thought and when he went to turn I went dontbeanotheronedontbeanotherone","It's really freaky, to me, how fast it disappears from sight.  How many other things are only so far away that I just barely can't see them in the ocean? Man I don't like the ocean. ","Sometimes I fantasize about being able to see living things in the ocean like I'm using the Aura Whisper shout in Skyrim.","LAAS YAH NIR","/r/thalassophobia","\"Just keep paddlin, just keep paddlin, just keep paddlin, Don't look like a seal...\"","They are called killer whales because they kill whales. In Norwegian they are called \"Spekkhugger\" meaning \"Whale fat biter\", it bites whales. ","I speak no Norwegian, but I can still say with authority that a better translation of \"*Spekkhugger*\" is \"Blubbermuncher.\"","And if we then translate \"Blubbermucher\" to danish, we end up with the wonderful word \"Blævergumler\", that I'm going to use as a synonym for spækhugger/killer whale/orca from now on :D","\"Blævergumler\" is the best word ever! I love that you can still kind of see the English in there. I'll bet Denmark is so awesome!!","Yes! It is better than the guy above.","Have you ever munched on blubber? It's fucking delicious.","/r/bbw","big bitey whale","I live in Alaska and had the opportunity to try some [Muktuk](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muktuk), and it was like chewing on an old rubber band. ","Mmmm, PCBs","If one calls another a Spekkhugger, is that complementary or insulting?","I remember reading that it's a mistranslation from some language where their name is literally \"whale killer.\"","And they're not whales at all, they're actually dolphins.\n\nEdit : So whales are dolphins too! Thanks. ","They're 100% whales, they are just part of the dolphin family ","See, here's the thing...","Aren't dolphins considered whales, though? ","Yes ","[A source, but not *the* source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vaq4pHxM5P4)","That sucker was about to take a taste.  Dude had to be terrified.  Nobody cares what the statistics say when something like that is about to take a bite out of your shit.","That nervous laugh at the end.  He knows he came close to death.\n","What would happen if you would jump in the water? Would he attack you? Or interact with you?","Attacking **IS** interacting.","r/TsundereSharks/","They have never killed a person in the wild. They aren't considered dangerous to humans by scientists.","Have fun telling yourself that when you're in the paddle boarders position. ","I don't suppose screaming \"I'M NOT A SEAL\" repeatedly would help, but it would feel pretty cathartic in the moment.","I was thinking this exact thing. I would imagine that it would help, as deals are not often known to announce themselves in English.","Orcas are highly intelligent and don't just go around attacking humans. It probably just wanted to say hi.","It probably just wanted to see if the board was made of seal. ","Good point, BLOODY_ANAL_VOMIT","Username is not even slightly relevant","but yours is ","Thank you. Very smart creatures that need to be given credit for their hunting abilities and keen senses. There will often be a pod of orcas hunting together so if they'd wanted to eat someone they would.","If that orca wanted to eat OP there would be no video.","the speed with which it disappears is mind-numbing. that is a heavy animal moving very quickly through water","The whale killer probably preferred a whale. Or a tasty seal. Such picky eaters!","Honestly if you think about a human compared to a smaller whale or seal, humans are not good eats. All bony and not much fat or muscle compared to a seal.","Except for OP's mom.","Still lucky that the whale killer did not take just one bite to check if it is tasty. Like sharks often do. Might have for OP's mum - I don't know.","Friends, not food!","I wonder how it would react if he punched its nose with the paddle","Not positively.","Anyone know where that coast line is?","I believe this was filmed out of New Zealand","Thank you. It looks incredible put there.","Yikes... and I was hoping to retire there, too. ","I'v lived in New Zealand my entire life and this has never happened to me. \n\nBut then again I dont like to leave the house...","When I move there let's be buddies !\n\nOnly 35 years to go. ","I would have Jesus Nope'd right back to shore. \n\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nThen thought, \"Shit. How do I get my board?\"","That thing just disappears with no effort into the abyss. ","I wonder... In a situation like this, should you just go about your day or  use your paddle to smash it on the head and hope for the best?","There are no recorded incidences of attacks on humans by wild orcas. At the same time I don't think hitting something that big is really an option. An orca is so massive that you probably wouldn't be able to deter it with an oar if it really wanted to kill you. ","... and you'd piss it off. ","That's not stalking that's following. Predators don't make stalking so obvious.","Here is a word cloud of every comment in this thread, as of this time: http://i.imgur.com/Gx1xxSM.png\n\n---\n\n[^[source ^code]](https://github.com/Winneon/makeswordclouds) [^[contact ^developer]](https://reddit.com/user/WinneonSword) [^[request ^word ^cloud]](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=makeswordcloudsagain&amp;subject=Requesting%20word%20cloud.&amp;message=%2Bcreate%20REPLACE_THIS_WITH_A_REDDIT_POST_PERMALINK)","Not sure which is more terrifying.\n\nThe ease at which it approaches the board and just gently checks it out.\n\nor how quickly it's able to swim away once it loses interest. ","You food? Nah, you ain't food... See ya!","I'm glad as soon as he nibbled the board he realized it wasn't a seal and took off! Also it's heartbreaking thinking of one of these in a man made pool. Gives me claustrophobia just imagining it :(","Mutual apex predator respect.","Damn, it's like a legendary in real life!","Where was this taken?\n","Off the coast of New Zealand. Not sure exactly where.","I'd like to see more of those in the ocean than in an aquarium.","Ken M?","Watching that gave me the same feeling I get when a cop is behind me for a while, and then turns.","I can't imagine a worse piece of watercraft to be on in that scenario.","I would be chumming with poo.","stalked by a REPOST","Welcome to reddit. Let me show you to your seat.","more like /r/nononoNO \n\nWhen it disappears is like when a spider disappears in you're bedroom just before bed.","[deleted]","They kill seals and whales for food with ruthless and brutal intelligence and problem solving and it looks amazingly cruel from our perspective. They're killers, no doubt, just not usually killers of people. ","What does that make us, with our factory farms?","Worse. From that perspective, anyway. Meat is so delicious, though.","Exactly. If we're not supposed to eat animals, then how come they're made out of meat?","They are the apex predators of the ocean. Above great white sharks. I'd class that as somewhat dangerous, even if they aren't known to attack humans. ","/r/datblowhole","That was my risky click of the day.","Are they known to kill great white sharks?","https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K9I_DcSbZjI","&gt;[**Orca Whale vs. Great white shark!!! MUST SEE [3:28]**](http://youtu.be/K9I_DcSbZjI)\n\n&gt;&gt;A killer whale eats great white shark\n\n&gt; [*^Frodnar123*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVR8oGY9trEeBvKQ06OX7UQ) ^in ^People ^&amp; ^Blogs\n\n&gt;*^3,528,173 ^views ^since ^Feb ^2012*\n\n[^bot ^info](http://www.reddit.com/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)","Very interesting thanks for the vid!","What does it matter what their name is? ","Come on, If we'd called them \"Water Pandas\" you wouldn't have seen all these comments talking about how scary or perilous this situation is. \n\nEdit: Tuxedo Dolphin?","I for one, welcome our well dressed mammalian overlords.","If it was the 60's, I'd agree with you. It's now generally understood that they aren't \"man\" killer whales, just that they kill everything else in the sea. There are plenty of things in the sea and on land that are scary to be around, even though your life isn't at risk.","Counterpoint: I recently read a mainstream published Tom Clancy-esque novel where wild killer whales were a recurring threat and that had a whole action sequence where wild killer whales were jumping out of the water to drag themselves across ice sheets to try to chomp the hero for no reason and apparently at no point did anyone involved in writing, editing or otherwise publishing the book think \"Hey maybe this is a weird thing to put in our realistic spy thriller.\"","That's fiction, though. That's as likely to happen as motherfucking snakes taking over a motherfucking plane.\n\nFor me, the most threatening part of Tuxedo Dolphins (I'm using that from now on) is their intelligence. I've been working my way through the David Attenborough docs on Netflix. There's some incredible footage of Tuxedo Dolphins there. You know their prey aren't going to make it, but the clinical way that they go about hunting is crazy.","Instead we would have comments that they suck at fucking each other.","[deleted]","Don't you think you're taking political correctness too seriously by arguing for changing a species' common name because the current one only describes the species in a negative light? I mean, it's not like you're insulting the killer whale like you are insulting an adult with a cognitive disability by calling them a retard. The whales don't care.","If it happened even once it would be a fluke.","Did it bite the board? ","Hmm. That hole looks like it will work. FOR EDUCATION! GOSH!","Great title, OP. Was intruiging enough to make me click, but fitting enough to leave me satisfied.","So are all orcas Republicans or belong to LE?","User name checks out","Ah... you took my extra karma.","Til killer whales/orcas are actually dolphins","Then where do you think the stories come from, I wonder? ","what a beautiful creature. why would anyone ever take one out of the wild. absolutely stunning.","I bet he went home and sharpened hit paddle after that.","First loop = cool a killer whale that close\nSecond Loop = IT tried to take a bite at his board! Nope","does anyone realise how relevant op's user name is right now?","Why is this in this sub?","I've had a pod of orcas swim under my boat in the San Juans before. Close enough to touch it seemed like!","There's a moment in this gif where he looks at the whale and then looks ahead, and for just a moment all you see is the horizon. He's pretty close to land here, but for a moment I felt that isolating, complete fear that he was in the middle of the ocean with just a board and a paddle, with an Orca following him. Looking up and seeing nothing but the sea on all sides, and the sun going down, that's like the ultimate horror story for me.","Right before that happens it looks like the whale is opening it's mouth to love nip, do I see that correctly?\n","that cheeky bitch sure enough does nip at him!!!\n","hard to tell from the dorsal fin and markings if it's a transient (bigg's) or resident orca.  transient are mammal eaters, residents are fish eaters.  much more reason to shit your pants if it's transient.    ","Right, but like 0.01% reason to 0.1% reason.","Theres no reason for a orca to eat a human. We have basically no fat on us (as long as youre not a fat as fucker) and even then im convinced they are smart enough to know youre not food","Cutest killer ever.","if i was rich i would give you gold","If I had wheels I'd be a bicycle","if I had gold I would make you rich!","Pants level: brown","r/thalassaphobia","Fuck that shit... This is why I quit surfing. Had a similar incident in Puerto Rico (shark, not orca). ","YOU RAISE ME UUUUUUUP ","[deleted]","Did you read the \"as a joke\" bit in /u/qoobrix 's comment?","[deleted]","Lame responses deserve a serious downvote. ","[deleted]","Unsubscribe! Unsubscribe! ","http://news.discovery.com/animals/whales-dolphins/orca-punts-seal-80-feet-into-the-air-151028.htm","Looks back: O.o\nLooks forward: WELP","I cannot","Just keep swimming...","Yup. Here's another article of an Orca attack on a surfer:\n\nhttps://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=2245&amp;dat=19960117&amp;id=GIo1AAAAIBAJ&amp;sjid=QiEGAAAAIBAJ&amp;pg=3872,1646286","/r/Thelassophonia","As with any other dangerous animals, a couple rounds of .454 Casull should remind it of its place in the food chain.","To which the orca replies in a rubbish Scottish accent, \"I'm bigger than you! **I'm** higher up on the food chain!\"","And what, pray tell, are you going to do about the other eight dicks coming at you?","Hmmm. Roundhouse kick? ","It's the transient ones that are the real motherfuckers. ","I'd be more worried about them chomping you for fun -- dragging you under water, flipping you up in the air, shaking you all around.  Like cats, they \"play\" with easy prey for extra hunting practice. ","Orcas don't bite like sharks.  The bludgeon their prey with their bodies.  For smaller prey they whip it around in their jaws slamming it on the surface of the water.  For larger prey like whales they launch themselves into the air and fall on the animal bruising and suffocating it.\n","Ever since I saw Eight Below when I was young, I have been terrified of leopard seals","Like most places on Reddit, pretty much all the claims you are seeing are made up.","[removed]","you again \\-_-","Jesus, who put the snake in *your* colon?","Jesus did. Just like you said.","You seem nice","Damn SJWs always changing names to be more politically correct. Literally destroying western civilization. ","They are also very smart.","Well, less to test the flavor and more general curiosity. No hands after all. \"What is this thing? It's flat and moving fast. Ew, wood?\"","MY LEG!  I NEED BOTH OF THEM!","Try saying that underwater","Oh I've been there. ","Out on the ocean with the Orcas? That's a paddlin'","Man, I'm trying to pronounce that and I just sound like a bad Arnold impersonator. ","I'll try to break it down. But even if you pronounce it 100% correctly you will still sound like a moron. It *is* danish, after all ;)\n\n**Spæ:** Pronounced like the first part of \"spade\"\n\n**k:** Like when an english word ends on a c\n\n**spæk:** then becomes a marriage of \"spade\" and \"spic\" (apologies to any hispanics)\n\n**hugger:** pronounced like \"hogger\", with the o sound found in \"hole\", rather than the one found in \"how\"\n\nNow pronounce it all as if you have a potato in your mouth, and you're pretty much spot on. [Welcome to Denmark!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XE4ZBcK01HU)","That's amazing, thank you for breaking that down for me. \n\nI shall indulge in some pickled herring in your honour tonight.","I haven't, but I've been suspicious for a while that whales must be delicious. But eating them is unethical, so I'll never know. \n\nSeals might be delicious though too, but I never really heard of non Inuits eating seals.","Wait, are we still talking about whales or referring to you with OP's mom?\n\nEDIT: Grammar\n\nEDIT 2:  Heh, didn't realize I commented in /r/science.  OH NOES, STOP THE DOWNBOATS!!!!","&gt; *\"Blubbermuncher.\"*\n\nSay it again.","[Spagooter?](http://img.ifcdn.com/images/74ccc55dc63ab7fae22af9a4fee451e5ccf345fc55069dee1343d0ecca45f48e_1.jpg)","Not so much a mistranslation, just a name that stuck. I had to move to America to discover they had a bad reputation here. Some people literally interpret the English name as to mean \"killing whale\".","Wait... Is that true?","Yes:\n\n [\"The killer whale or orca (Orcinus orca) is a toothed whale belonging to the oceanic dolphin family\"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Killer_whale)","&gt;\"The killer whale or orca (Orcinus orca) is a toothed **whale** belonging to the oceanic dolphin family\"\n\nSo, a whale then. Definitely a dolphin, but it wouldn't be incorrect at all to call them \"whales\".","Yeah they're whales and dolphins simultaneously, like how we're both humans and mammals ","That's like saying they're whales and mammals.\n\nWhat you may have meant is that it's like how we're both a human, and an ape. ","We're both primates and hominids.*","We're also both humans and apes like he said. ","You missed the point. Primate and hominid is to human as whale and dolphin is to orca, \"human and ape\" isn't.","I know but the way you corrected him made it sound like they weren't both. To me at least. ","Yeah the \"human and ape\" equivalent would \"orca and dolphin\" ","DOLPHINS ARE WHALES!!\n\nFUCK YOU DAD AND FUCK YOU BIG SISTER!","Well then... TIL. Thank you.","Yeah, but after some more googleing it seems all whales are dolphins, so...yeah. But killer whales relate more to the dolphins we actually call \"dolphins\" then what we call \"whale\". Their name is actually a mistranslation of \"Killer of whales\". ","Yep.","Isn't spekkhugger a little on the nose? Might as well just call it a sperm lover while we're at it ","Yeah, but it's clear he's more curious than anything. If he wanted to fuck your shit up, it'd be [like this](https://gfycat.com/UniqueTestyInchworm)","How about a dog?","Nah, too bony, not enough nutrients ","I have been in this exact situation but I was swimming at the time. It was pretty chill, just checked me out and moved on.  So I continued to swim with it for half an hour ","/r/thathappened","lol what?! Where were you swimming?  I'd have gone straight from shitting my pants to \"sup whale bro\"","Was swimming at a beach called [Mangawai](https://www.google.ca/maps/place/Mangawhai,+New+Zealand/@-36.0838857,174.5931824,16.03z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x6d0c94e0d785ee99:0x500ef6143a2dea0) in New Zealand. I figured once it didnt eat me it must be fine. Turns out it was. I have photos around here somewhere ill take a look for them\n","It's an apex predator.  It would be no different than \"interacting\" with a lion or a tiger.  If it was hungry, it would kill you.  It may kill you just for sport.  Or it may leave you alone.  One thing is certain, you can't do a god damn thing about it and it's just going to do whatever it's going to do.\n","Orcas never attack humans in the wild.\n\nTheir pretty chill.","Humans have never been attacked in the wild.  That doesn't mean \"they don't attack humans\" in the wild.  The lack of attacks may simply be a lack of opportunity.  Humans aren't often in arctic waters outside of a boat, which is where orcas hang out.\n\nDon't mistake lack of opportunity with an aversion to hunting humans.  ","That is more likely because it's extremely rare for Orcas and Humans to meet \"in the wild\".  People aren't often in arctic seas without a boat.\n\nPeople are rarely killed by Polar Bears but only because people rarely encounter Polar Bears.  The few times they do it doesn't end well.\n\n\n","Did you read the Wikipedia? People spend a good deal of time with orcas. They just rarely attack humans. And native peoples of the artic know good and well what happens if you encounter a polar bear. I doesn't have to happen often to know how it will end.","I'm guessing you have proof?\n\nEdit : why the fuck was I downvoted ?","https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Killer_whale_attacks_on_humans","Did you read the page ?","Yeah, the proof is that there has never been a documented death of a human because of a killer whale in the wild, dumbass.","The key word here is documented. ","On the internet no one knows you're an orca","Duh, surfboards don't have anuses to vomit blood from...","It's still quite the username he has there. ","There would be no thread*","also if you kill one a bunch more of them come around and disrupt your home life looking for the human you killed and ate","I've been to your country and I strongly suggest peering outside at least once a fortnight. \n\nUnless you're in Wellington...then check weather first. ","I hate that.  I know I've done nothing wrong but why are you follo-oh, your just getting on the freeway.","Unique, in the sense that we have invented the concept of cruelty and yet continue to act cruel. Personally I love to eat meat and try to kill/catch as much of my own as I can, rather than outsourcing the killing to the lowest bidder. I know that's a pretty privileged way to live in the US though. "],["This made my butt pucker.","60 feet? Maybe 30 feet. Still bad ass though.","I disagree, that definetley looks like 60 feet","That's 60 feet man","anyone know the story behind this? Curious whether this was planned or not,","seeing as there are people watching him go over while they're filming, I say he has to know what he's doing.","definitely planned.  not sure why he throws the paddle though, maybe they break on impact or they break your fingers/wrists if you try to hold onto them from that height drop?\n\ni definitely know people have broken their backs on big kayak drops though.  just a weird position to hit the water in.","i assume he leaned forward to allow himself cushion and resistance at impact. \n\nchugged the paddle cuz that bad boy could knock you out with enough force. ","the canoe cut through water with relative ease, especially considering the water is aerated, the paddle not so much. had he held on to it the water hitting the paddle would have slammed the rod into his chest, or worse, throat. this has killed people before.\n","\"Fuck you, Earth. George wins!\"","How do you not break your tailbone doing something like that?","It looks weird because he tucks his head, but presumably he's pointing the nose of the kayak down some, allowing it to cut into the water and then float, rather than slapping flat down."],[]],"Futurology":[[" Road accidents are too big of an issue to ignore. So I think AI-augmented driving is eventually going to be a mandatory functionality for all cars. Driving would still be flexible enough to still make it enjoyable for those who love the freedom that comes with driving, but cars would have built in AI's that would step in when safety is compromised.\n\n","Where are we going to get our young healthy organ donors from if AI stops all car accidents?","We'll grow them in labs.","(USA) I believe Christians will keep us from doing that though massive legislation by claiming we are playing god and somehow yet again separation of church and state will somehow be forgotten.\n\nEDIT: I believe I have awoken the the theological. I like how everyone has come to be believe I am atheist, which is not true. And I don't really see how this is any different than the pressure mounting from religious organizations around the country to shut down/defund Planned Parenthoods citing that they are abortion factories. You can see the congressmen who are skirting their religious beliefs when arguing for the defunding (which the abortion portion doesn't receive gov. assistance).","If anyone can think of an actual argument against lab-grown lifesaving organs, I'd love to hear it.","Lab grown organs cause male pattern baldness! Before my accident I had a long, luscious head of hair. Then they put that damn fake, chemically stomach in me after mine splattered across the pavement. Now, five years on, BAMN: I'm going bald. Coincidence? I don't damn-well think so!\n\nAll-a them chemicals and artificial flavours in my new organs caused my hair to gone done dry up like! Damn scientists shoulda never tried to play God, goddammit.\n\n^/s","Don't buy those Chinese lungs, they've been known to paint them in pink lead based paint to give them a healthier look. /s","TBH, Chinese lungs are very unlikely to come from a lab :(","Lead painted AND pre-owned!","I prefer my organs free range and consumer tested","Russian livers are the best. ","They will come very used, though","The transplant equivalent of a rescue animal.","Conversely, you should feel lucky to have any organ at all, therefore it doesn't matter if we give you an organ that is designed to fail in just a few years, etc.\n\nThe technology isn't the problem, people are a problem though","You need dimoxonyl ","It would be legitimate to demand really extensive, rigorous consumer testing and monitoring. It would be so easy for a company to cut corners when growing organs to make more money.","If I'm going to die I'd prefer having the ability to buy an organ rather than it not existing due to over regulation. ","They'll find one.  It won't be rational or even consistent with their other arguments, but they'll fight it to the death.\n\nBefore hearing about it, could you have imagined a whole movement arguing against vaccines?","Ugh, I had forgotten about that.\n\nWith that context, I can easily see how a resistance would form.","So you have no idea if Christians (wonderfully broad group you just made there) are against it but you're just gonna keep saying they are.","He's saying they *will be* against it.  I agree, but it won't matter.  As information grows religiosity declines.","Pretty reliable track record though.\n\nThe opposition will come from superstitious pricks. And the only superstitions that get taken seriously in the US are Bible based ones.\n\nAre \"Christians\" against it? Who knows. Would any superstitious group that has success in blocking advancement in America be Christian? Almost certainly. Other superstitions don't even get the time of day. Christianity gets it dick sucked hard over there. Even the president has to keep reassuring people he believes it all too.","Arguments against human enhancement and the further intermeshing of man and machine.\n\nTotal bullshit of course, bring on the Bioware and cybernetics.","&gt;only real \"organic home-grown\" organs are good for you. Putting lab-grown organs in you will make other organs fail.\n\nThe argument doesn't have to make sense or be true at all. They will find something.","You are probably going to need stem cells, and embryonic stem cells are the best stem cells, so you are going to need that. And where do you think that embryonic stem cells come from?\n\nI know that there has been developments in the development of embryonic-like stem cells from other sources, but as far as I know, they are not that advanced.\n","If on the off chance that happens, tech and health insurance companies would lobby against them. It's more profitable to have a population that lives healthier longer.","I think insurance companies would have to do a lot of analysis, before they would come out in favor of something like that.","I mean, it'd be a shame if your new liver suddenly degraded at a rapid rate forcing you to get a new one, right?","Planned obsolescence on artificial organs? Calm down satan...","They'll keep working as long as you make your payments.","So, uh, how's the Largo family been? Business good?","That argument is funny to me. Isn't the creation and implementation of advance medicine and surgery in itself \"playing god\". ","Unfortunately some people now do shun modern medicine because of their religion.","[They're a bit late.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WopEQ1gHZIQ)  They've been building tracheas for years.","Surgeons used to have to rob graves for corpses to dissect in order to learn anatomy because surgery was playing god.\n\nBlood transfusions were considered playing god, and still is by some sects. Before they knew blood types were a thing, rejecting blood of the wrong type was considered proof of gods displeasure.\n\nVaccines were playing god, antibiotics were playing god, organ transplants were playing god.\n\nEverything is fucking playing god to these people.\n\nEdit: Birth control.","Tf are you talking about? That's not true at all. I went to a very conservative Christian school and my bio teacher strongly urged all of us to register to be an organ donor. I haven't met a Christian that is anti-organ \"growing\", or any scientific advancement that would save lives ever. \n\n\"Liberals want to teach oral sex to kindergarteners through revamped sex ed\"\n\nSee how stupid I sound when I pull out a strawman?","If they use human fetuses to grow them yes. If they create artificial organs, opposing them would be the opposite of Christianity ","Stems cells have come a long way, don't we have multiple ways to avoid fetus use now? ","I certainly hope so. ","But if that enables us to save people we couldn't previously have saved that's meddling in the divine plan. He's not gonna like this!","Check out this youtube video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bX3C201O4MA This is a couple years old, but will give you an idea where the research is heading. It makes star trek look primitive in many ways.","Nice strawman","3D print them","I would prefer a robotic organ thank you very much!","And adamantium skeletons.","Not an expert here, but doesen't robotic organs get rejected by the body? Which is why we want to use Organs made with a persons own DNA","Suicide by gun","People lose their shit over every gun massacre but if you really wanted to do something about gun deaths it would be to reduce suicides by gun.  ","Motorcycle accidents...duh","Motorcycles, aka donorcycles, probably will remain autonomous for a bit longer. Perhaps by then lab grown organs or stem cell therapy will have supplanted the need for donor organs. Although, coastal inundation and societal breakdown from climate change will probably render such advances moot by then, too.","Motorcycle accidents","I can already see it.  AI assisted drive-bys.","Have fun getting away when your car won't break the 30 mph residential speed limit ;)","Hackers will have a field day","Yeah. Four times as many Americans die in car accidents as die in gun homicides, yet the political noise and capital spent on gun control is at least ten times greater than any public concern about making cars less dangerous. \n\nMaybe that's just because people perceive there to be easier solutions to gun deaths than to automobile deaths, and that perception will change when AI driven cars can promise to reduce accident rates/severity drastically. ","[removed]","[removed]","I think the medical error one isn't ignored we just have no idea about how we should fix it. Reducing hours to decrease health care worker fatigue turned out to do nothing for accidents. As counter intuitive as that seems. ","I think you hit the nail on the head. It's hard to campaign for safer driving when it's so essential to daily life. Once there's an solution with low negative impact (assisted driving) expect to see the change accelerate. ","It'll do wonders for insurance premiums, likely eliminating them altogether. I believe transportation is set for a revolution, and the dialogue and development to come out of it over the near future is going to be interesting to see.","I don't see insurance going away. ","In fact, I expect there to be a sharp rise in premiums for non-AI-assisted drivers.","This is how manual drivers will be forced out the game. Then we'll start getting AI only roads too until manually driven vehicles are phased out on public roads.","AI-only roads (and perhaps exorbitantly high insurance premiums for manual drivers) would have the practical effect of discriminating against people who cannot afford a newer vehicle. I agree that AI will have to become mainstream, but the legal path will be problematic, and for good reason. Want to cause chaos in court? All you need is a low-income plaintiff with an impeccable driving record, of which there are plenty. Bonus points if they are retired military or law enforcement. ","I think you'd have to wait until almost all cars are AI-controlled to pass a law like this. When the last 1993 Camry finally gets off the road, we will have true progress.\n\nSource: http://www.theonion.com/article/toyota-recalls-1993-camry-due-fact-owners-really-s-50480","They would have fewer accidents, so would cost less to insure than they do today.","This is the logical answer. In the future you gotta pay for the privilege to drive rather than be driven. Understandable, but a pity. ","You know, people say this all the time, but it really isn't true.\n\nThere's sufficient competition in the insurance industry.  Prices will be brought down to what the market will bare.\n\nSo currently insurance rates cost a certain amount **$X** because statistically, a group of 1000 people like you will get into a dozen or two car accidents or other random stuff that will result in property damage of something like **$900X**.  By grouping you all together, you just pay **$X** instead of risking a **$50X+** payout.  The insurance company meanwhile pockets the extra **$100X**.\n\nPut another way, one could say that a person's *statistical liability* is **$0.9X**.  If a potential customer is willing to pay a bit more than that, say 10-20%, to cover the insurance company's administration, overhead, and risk that their statistics are actually accurate, then the company will not turn a customer away.  They won't turn away money.\n\nSo here's the thing.  AI drivers are not going to make regular drivers any more dangerous or accident-prone.  As the saying goes: \"It takes two to cause an accident.\"  The chance of *everyone* on the road is going to go down for every regular driver replaced with an AI.\n\nA regular driver will be no more dangerous than they are now - they'll likely be *less* dangerous.  So statistically, they will still only cause **$0.9X** *or less* damage in the course of them driving a car for a year.\n\nSo as long as they're still willing to pay **$X** to **$1.1X**, no insurance company is going to turn them away.  If an insurance company *demands* they pay **$1.5X** or **$3X**, then another insurance company will just come and steal the customers away - why not? It's still easy money.\n\nThe only thing that would cause such a rise is specific government intervention that explicitly fines or places some sort of premium on being allowed to drive a car.  Something I dearly hope people riot over if it ever comes to pass.","Probably not. But probably some of the responsibility shifts from the end user to the manufacturer. Therefore it might make sense that the manufacturer insures the car and maybe not the end user? ","I doubt that insurance premiums will go away.  There will still be accidents and malfunctions and theft and damage.  Lots of things can happen to your car that don't involve driving it.","Agreed, but liability will likely go waaaaay down. And I'm no expert, but I would imagine that's the lion's share of the cost we pay.","Screenshot of reddit from the year 3012 https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/10r7xh/screenshot_of_reddit_from_the_year_3012/\n\nTIL from 1,000 years in the future:  TIL the primary method of transportation killed 1.3 million humans per cycle year and this was considered normal","&gt;likely eliminating them altogether\n\nThe main reason these premiums exist is to create profit for insurance companies. There's no reason for them to drop premiums, especially when car insurance is mandatory. The only thing we may see is more cases of individuals being put on \"good driver\" packages due to lower accident rates, though insurance companies may just get rid of this altogether if accident rates fall enough on AI assisted vehicles, and probably raise rates on cars insured without AI.","&gt; The main reason these premiums exist is to create profit for insurance companies. \n\nPremiums are used to pay all claims, too, so there's that.\n\nMany insurers such as State Farm are effectively non-profit for their auto insurance business.","And yet competition exists for this market so that would drive down the cost to the minimal possible margins for the most competitive service. Lowering prices.","&gt;The main reason these premiums exist is to create profit for insurance companies.\n\nThe point of insurance should be to mitigate risk by spreading the cost. Now that most of the clerical work, such as bill pay, filing paperwork, algorithms for risk assessment etc... for insurance can be automated suppose they could legislate state level non-profit insurance structures.\n\nSince it's mandatory anyway it seems kind of stupid and antiquated to the corporate side leach money off the policy holders.","Campaigns for safer driving were something big around 40 to 30 years ago or so. There was a point Drinking and driving was common place, seat belts were not mandated to be put on by law, or car seats for children. Air bags came out for high end cars at first, then were regulated into a standard feature. Everything from more visible signs and lines on the high ways to reduced speed limits. Even forcing truck drivers to get C.D.L.s; every one of these things and more has greatly reduced traffic accidents and subsequent deaths on the road. And sadly for the most part every one of those changes was challenged by some group or lobby or some fringe group of individuals with some sort of axe to grind; lucky for us they failed. Where I agree with you is that we’re seeing a point that without losing full control of the vehicle (automation) we have most likely reached the point that it would be very difficult to make human controlled driving safer…unless they become big cannoli when you crash into something?  ","Copied and pasted from my response to someone else making a similar argument below:\n\nYour point is valid - that concern over auto safety may be a mature field and the low-hanging fruit seems to have all been picked, while there still seems to be relatively low fruit left to pick in the gun control field. That's what I suggested in my second paragraph:\n\n&gt; people perceive there to be easier solutions to gun deaths than to automobile deaths\n\nMy point is that death is death, it doesn't matter which of the many preventable causes lead to it, and a reasonable society would explicitly devote its attention to causes of suffering in proportion to how much suffering they actually cause. You're right that we do devote a lot of money and concern to auto safety already, and maybe it's unreasonable of me to compare the number of headlines/political outrage over gun control to the behind-the-scenes attention given to cars.\n\nBut in absolute terms, of how many [preventable deaths various causes lead to](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Preventable_causes_of_death#Annual_number_of_deaths_and_causes), gun control is an irrelevancy: total annual firearm deaths in the US make up 1.3% (~30k) of all preventable deaths; 2/3s of that are suicides. Tobacco causes 40 times as many deaths per year; medical error between 20 and 40 times; obesity 10x; alcohol 8x; etc. But I've never seen or heard any political figure explicitly say that we should be working on these things in proportion to their numbers. We just get a bunch of hand-wringing about the evils of guns, when it is, almost literally, the least of our problems.","There's a ton of political attention paid to tobacco and obesity, at least, though not as much to the rest of the ones you mentioned.","I think that a person brandishing a gun at me is more frightening than going driving, seeing a doctor, or smoking a cigarette. \n\nThat medical error though, where are you getting that number from? \n\nDoes it include people who die after a doctor screwed up(from the illness they had), or people who die only directly as a result of a doctor screwing up?\n\nAlso I don't really want to criticize doctors, I want their good faith and their oath to not harm me.\n\nYes, these things are probably more pressing, and probably inflict a greater economic toll on the US than gun violence, but they aren't as easy to deal with as the fear of them doesn't translate into the visceral threat of someone brandishing a gun or a knife or really any weapon in our direction.","If we make major political decisions on the basis of how we viscerally respond to various types of threats, rather than on how many deaths those various types of threats actually cause, we are doing it wrong.","&gt; yet the political noise and capital spent on gun control is at least ten times greater than any public concern about making cars less dangerous\n\nThis is because there aren't entire industries and political organizations devoted to keeping cars dangerous.  We spend many millions of dollars a years on road safety campaigns, drivers' ed, and improving the safety of roads through constant revision and tuning. Hundreds of thousands of people work fulltime every day trying to reduce the danger in driving. But unlike gun control, there isn't a well-funded army of PR people and corporations opposing them.\n\nI can't imagine how blind you have to be to think the gun-control lobby is powerful while the road-safety lobby isn't. It's exactly the opposite - road safety won the argument back in the 1970s when seatbelts were made mandatory. Since then, all road-safety money has been spent on actually making cars safer, not trying to stop people making cars safer.\n\nCars today are vastly safer than when I grew up in the 1970s. But that's all due to passive techniques - construction technology, crumple zones, ABS and traction control etc. We didn't invent self-driving and other active safety technology because it was fucking impossible without the amazing processing power we have only just developed. But car safety has been a major, major sinkhole for money for at least 40 years.\n\nYour view of this is frankly bizarre. And the people agreeing with you... I'm having difficulty understanding any of this.","Thank you. There was a massive political movement to make car's much safer via regulations following Nader's \"Unsafe at Any Speed\" in the 60's. ","Just dropping in to confirm that losing control of a Corvair is fucking awesome if done intentionally.","The view is not bizarre...on Reddit. But to anyone that understands a little bit of history and keeps up with increasing safety requirements on all vehicles would never argue that car safety is ignored to focus on gun control. Not to mention deaths from guns and cars should never even be compared. ","Probably because it's a bipartisan issue and they couldn't drum up drama nor blame the other side for car related deaths. Also, someone would spin it as an attack against the unions.","Wait... you don't think any political noise happens with vehicle deaths? I mean what? Texting and driving regulations, air bag regulations, anti-lock break regulations, speed limit crackdowns, distracted while driving laws, insane (but fair IMO) drunk driving laws where you lose your license first offense, roadway maintenance happening where accidents are common, old people losing their licenses is more common, among many other things.\n\nThe crazy thing is that people see all this, see that absolutely nothing at all the same has been done with trying to curb gun deaths, and equate the 2 because people whine a little bit that they want *some* gun control.\n\nedit: a word","Cars serve a purpose other than to kill.\n\nIt's a pretty important point you left out.","Horrible comparision, chances to get into a car crash or cause one are obviously way higher than chances to get shot by someone. A bit of carelessness on the road and you can already cause a big accident, a gun usually doesn't unlock itself and starts shooting on people \"by accident\".","The chances are higher because more people use cars more often and in more places for a longer duration than you can say about anyone using a gun. ","So when car accidents go down due to automation where does that \"political noise\" about gun homicides go? It mostly likely gets louder because pro gun folks love to compare car accidents to gun deaths for some reason. ","Nah... It's because people drive by accidents &amp; stare out the window &amp; say \"woah thats so cool!\"","As a huge fan I am hopeful that Tesla's claims are true, but I am also skeptical.\n\nLevel 3 autonomous vehicles (AVs) are those that allow (or expect) a human to take over control in a split second *during* an emergency. They're probably not a good idea in the long run. That is why Google is skipping straight to Level 4 (fully automated, no human intervention at all). If anything, the car should be taking over control from the humans (\"step in\" as you say), and not the other way around.\n\nTesla's autopilot (which is Level 3 under narrow conditions) is a slight step up from cruise control, but cruising in one lane on the highway is very low-risk driving anyway. So generalizing from those conditions to Level 3 in *all* conditions is probably a bit of an overreach.\n\nIn general, AVs will almost certainly be safer than human drivers. But Level 3 is almost certainly a bad idea compared to Level 4, because asking a human who isn't really paying attention to take over in a split second during an emergency just isn't likely to work out well most of the time.\n\nI'm not opposed to Level 4 with the *option* for the human to take control of the vehicle (Google and others even object to this on safety grounds). But the idea of Level 3 where a human must always be behind the wheel paying attention and be ready to take over is just bad idea all around. And besides, isn't the real value of a self-driving car that it *can drive itself*?","Fully agree with what you have said. \n\nBut the 50% number is quite easily achievable with the kind of auto-pilot Tesla currently has.\n\n- The car knows to maintain lane, so it's unlikely to lose control and crash into cars in the next lane or go off the road.(unlike humans on phone/eating/arguing with co-passengers etc.)\n\n- With that eliminated, the most likely accident due to driver error is a collision with the car in front of you because you are too slow to react. The auto-pilot is always going to detect speed changes in the car in front and adjust it's own speed to maintain safe distance much faster and more accurately than humans.\n\nWhat's left is accidents caused due to other drivers. \n\n\n\n\n\n\n","Nailed it!  So many crashes are easily, easily avoidable but doing things like: Paying attention.  Physically touching your brake pedal hard enough.  Not following too close.  And on and on and on.  Obviously an auto pilot would cut these stupid distraction related crashes out completely.  ","I wonder if the Tesla is more likely to stay in lane and slow down behind a slightly slower moving vehicle where a human driver might change lanes to go around (slightly raising risk).","I imagine a major issue will be legal.\n\nIf at level 3, which I guess will be cheaper for both manufacturer and consumer, an accident does occur, the legal weight is on the human not the company. Whereas at level 4, with major control on AI, the legal weight falls on the company.\n\nSo if an issue does occur it's a matter of money sadly. Hopefully this will change. ","We don't know anything about how the liability will shake out yet. There will probably be numerous regulations promulgated by NHSTA or whoever. If the company complies with those refs and an accident occurs, there simply won't be any blame. Car insurance will be more like health insurance in that you're paying for the probability of your own injury, now your own injury + whomever you injured with you being at fault.","&gt;promulgate  \nˈprɒm(ə)lɡeɪt/ \nverb  \npast tense: promulgated; past participle: promulgated\n\n\n&gt;promote or make widely known (an idea or cause).  \n\"these objectives have to be promulgated within the organization\"\n\nfor anyone curious","After my experience with auto correcting, and my break warning alarm in my car or the auto dimming headlights, no thanks. Fully auto or nothing more than cruise control please.\n\nMy stupid headlights dim when there is a barn light down the road. I can't override it even though I know it's not a car.\n\nWhen a car is making a turn off the road, or is already mid-turn, my car has a heart attack about heading towards it. Dude I see it. It will be out of the way. My foot is already over the break just is case, calm your tits.\n\nThe last thing I want to happen is to have my car conflict with my driving commands. Fully auto, then it's not my problem and there is no chain of command issue. Fight with me, and who knows the outcome. ","Sounds like you would be a very unhappy Airbus pilot ;)","What car do you drive?","That's what I hope too. In future cars like Corvette or Mustang should have a fully autonomous mode but also human driver mode with AI working in the background ready to take control if needed.","In the future, human drivers will not be able to keep up in autonomous traffic at all.\n\nA manual mode for the track or private roads, however...","This is something I've thought about a lot when these discussions pop up. People seem to have these discussions based on the idea that self-driving cars will be going 55 for eternity. If a road is fully autonomous with a system that works well, there's no reason to not have cars going 100+. Most humans would be freaking out if driving in that situation and it would turn into madness. It may end up being something where roads have a separate lane or two for manually driven cars or a separate road altogether, until everything gets straightened out and people accept the technology.","You just described a version of high speed rail but everyone gets a private 'room'","I was listening to NPR and within the next 15 years all small vehicles (passenger vehicles) will come standard with an automatic breaking system similar to what Subaru and Mercedes has in production currently. So we are on the way already. ","You can get the automatic breaking system on at least VW group cars and it's not that expensive. Usually it does nothing with the car, it just sits there and measures distances and velocities, but when it calculates that you're about to rear end someone, it automatically hits the brakes and does it very hard. It tries to leave about 3 feet of space between the vehicles when you come to a full stop. \n\nIt's so uncanny having experienced it. It does such a last moment breaking that you can't realistically trick it to do a braking for you. It only activates in situations where you are less than a human reaction time away from being too late to hit the brakes. The car comes to a full stop, there's no thud and after a shot moment you realize that without it you would have rear ended the car in front of you. You screwed up and a machine saved you at least the cost of minor repairs if not worse.","I have been lucky enough not to need the experience but driving in stop and go traffic everyday, I am statistically waiting for my number to come up. ","I suspect that manual drive will gradually become a custom mod type experience. The daily commute can be removed from our life problems and I look forward to it","driving is overrated. let the AI do all the work.","This doesn't sound like a controlled experiment.\n\nIt could just be that the autopilot was turned on during relatively safe driving conditions.  For example, you wouldn't have it on during bad weather. ","As I understand it, the autopilot will only engage under relatively ideal conditions, so I think this stat is probably a bit off: The humans are doing 100% of the driving under non-ideal conditions, so OF COURSE they're having more accidents.\n\nI'd be curious how the stats compare if you only look at times when the autopilot could have been engaged, but wasn't.","My thoughts exactly. Without knowing exactly what the comparison is, we can't draw any conclusions about the comparative safety of the autonomous mode at all.","Yep you can only use autopilot on the highway. It can't make turns and read stoplights and such, all it knows is speed and Lane guidance. ","How does it handle roadworks where the lanes have been adjusted and often the old markings are still in place?","And merging and lane changing and following other cars and avoiding collisions caused by people cutting you off or w/e. It also does some positioning strategy I believe (keep out of blind spots). It can also follow vehicles even when it can't see the lane markings clearly.","The more interesting question is if it's avoiding potential accidents caused by someone else. Even just auto-braking probably lowers the chance of an accident by a lot. Someone pulls out in front of you, and the car stops faster than you can react. +1 for car.","Notice that Tesla did not cite actual accident rates. Simply claimed that they were lower than an average driver's accident rate.\n\n","A fair point. He has a vested monetary interest in making his car look good, so we should only trust the hard data. Anything else is tainted by possible bias.","The claim may be totally accurate, but when I hear such claims without hard data, I am reminded of Dustin Hoffman in Rain Man saying \"I'm an excellent driver.\"","But do Tesla drivers on average have fewer accident's than the average driver anyway?","I would guess, based on the kind of people who purchased the earlier models. People seem to be forgetting that they are $120,000 cars ","Well, it is very early data. Meaning there isn't a lot of data. That's just what the preliminary reports are. \n\nWe have a ways to go before we get more conclusive data. ","It's not even a report tho it's just musk saying it ","How dare you insult our lord elon the great\n\nGet him boys","[removed]","[removed]","[removed]","They have probably more data on an entire fleet than anyone else in the world.","What if I don't want to contribute my data?\n\nIt's one of the things that keeps me from buying a Tesla (I mean, there are other bigger factors such as price).","Tesla is not the only ones gathering that data. Many companies have vehicles with cellular connections and automated braking, lane keep and parking. I would hope that we have the ability to disable data collection but we see how that works out with phones.","[deleted]","No, It's a good sign but it's nowhere near enough info yet.\n\nIf 95% of accidents are little prangs and 5% are fatal crashes, the autopilot could increase the chance of fatal crashes and reduce the chance of prangs and still look like total accidents are down. The stats would also go down if the autopilot was better than 60% of drivers and worse than 40% of drivers. You wouldn't want an autopilot to take over if you are one of the 40% that drive better than it.\n\nA blanket percentage reduction doesn't mean that for every single driver everyones chance of having an accident is less. It means out of a big swarm of people there are less accidents overall. You need to know a hell of a lot more about where the autopilot is better and where it's worse than humans, then only insert the autopilot into areas/situations where it's better. ","That's a really valid and interesting argument. ","i see it all over reddit - people who see a statistic and have *zero* clue how to interpret it. they extrapolate insane meanings out of thin air, and think because they started with a statistic that their story has value. just crazy.","Just because the claim is likely true, doesn't change the quality of the presented evidence. Autopilot can be turned on/off - who is to say that people only turn it on when road conditions are relatively safe?\n\nI love self-driving cars, but we can't pick and choose when to call out faulty reasoning based on what we believe or would like to believe.","And accident was only classified as airbag deployment. \n\nStill less than 50% likely to get in fender benders. \n\nLuckily the fleet is learning every day and will improve rapidly. ","I've been in two accidents that totaled the vehicle but no airbags deployed. I wonder how often that happens. ","&gt;Says Musk. \n\nOh well, glad an un-biased expert is saying so.  ","Oh god... Unless it's fully autonomous DO NOT call it autopilot. This is the american public you're selling to. They can and will try to take a nap in the back while driving.","^ This. I'm an airline pilot and even my several million dollar airplane is far from fully autonomous.\n\nDownvotes for stating facts. Typical reddit.","I'm kind of curious, what exactly is the standard airline autopilot capable of?","I could write a huge wall of text. Or you could read [this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Autopilot#Modern_autopilots)\n\nThe TL;DR is it really depends on the plane. Basic ones at the very least hold altitudes and headings and can follow a predetermined set of waypoints. Fancier ones can control airspeed and some can land the plane (note, there's no such thing as a magical \"land\" button, autolandings are much  more work than hand-landing the plane, there's lots of checklists to do and systems to set up and buttons to push etc etc).\n\nAt any rate, my points is, planes don't \"fly themselves\" anymore than a car with glorified adaptive cruise control \"drives itself\"","Why go with autolanding if it's more work than the manual thing?","Because it's the only legal way to land when the visibility is nearly zero in many planes/airports. Not that many planes have that capability though.\n\n[relevant](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Autoland)","That makes a lot of sense, thanks for the info","I guess safe would've been a more appropriate term than legal, but they both apply.","So what we use as a reference point for autopilot  (airplane automation) isn't fully autonomous either.  That seems to validate the current use of the word by Tesla.","Username checks out","Autopilot is an ideal term, given that once it is fully autonomous the term will be 'self driving'.","&gt; Unless it's fully autonomous DO NOT call it autopilot.\n\nAutopilot is defined by Wikipedia as a \"system used to control the trajectory of a vehicle without constant 'hands-on' control by a human operator being required.\"\n\nThat's exactly what Tesla Autopilot is. You get on the interstate with clear lane markings, and you turn it on. It is not the same thing as a fully autonomous vehicle, any more than an airplane on autopilot is fully autonomous.\n\n","He didn't say \"Don't call it that because it's not true\", he said \"Don't call it that because people will get the wrong idea\". Pretty big difference.","Tesla’s Autopilot lowers probability of having an accident by 50% based on ~~early~~ **very little** data, says Musk","I don't doubt that autopilot will help minimize accidents, but I won't trust it until an unbiased study is conducted.  It's in his interest for autopilot to minimize accidents","These data are from 75million km done. This is far from being \"very little\".","It's also misleading as autopilot only works in safe driving areas, you can't enable autopilot where it seems it unsafe.\n\n","I don't think so. Autopilot is for Highways so if the data is based on when Autopilot is active (highways) then the data is 50% reduced accidents on Highways. Seems logical to me. My cars autopilot saved my butt recently, braked faster than I could. ","Saved [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9I5rraWJq6E) guy's ass...","Saved these guys as well :) Or at least preemptively got out of the way\n\nhttps://youtu.be/0-M3RY9lSks?t=25\n\nhttps://youtu.be/9X-5fKzmy38\n\nhttps://youtu.be/ihXxvspNTKo?t=18\n\nhttps://youtu.be/eus__5aSK8c?t=23","wait what? There's autopilot for highways? All highways? Do I need to be alert and holding the wheel the whole time, or could I go on my laptop?","somewhere inbetween. You are supposed to have your hands near the steering wheel ready to grab the wheel the whole time. You do NOT have to hold the wheel all the time.","You can't completely ignore the road like that, but it's not very far from it. \n\nThe car will very reliably stay within its lane, it will adapt its speed and brake for other cars even faster than what an average human would and it will steer away to avoid side collisions. You can also make it change lanes by activating your blinkers. This is however all it can do. \n\nThe driver is still ultimately responsible for the car and there's a limit to what Autopilot can do in an emergency. Most importantly it doesn't really anticipate dangers in the way that a human would. If someone starts driving irregularly you would probably keep some distance to them, but autopilot would be completely oblivious to this.\n\nIn the end, you typically just sit there and watch the car drive itself, but you need to keep an eye on the road in case that you need to take over. ","With Tesla's autopilot mode you don't  have to hold the steering wheel but they recommend you have your hands near it. All other manufacturer's versions require you to hold the steering wheel as far as I recall.","Not necessarily because other companies' versions are worse, but because they play it safe and don't want drivers become too careless, thinking the autopilot will be able to handle everything without problems.","We must not drive on the same highways. People drive like idiots on the highways I'm on.","75 million km is actually very little. That's only 1,500km driven per car if assuming 50,000 cars.","I searched the article.  He did not say that.","However it increases the probability of the media making a huge furore about it by 500%.","Subsequently the vehicular homicide rate went up by 3000% turns out the car only cares if YOU survive.","As long as you're: In good weather, on a good road with clearly marked lines and surrounded by other Tesla vehicles.\n\n\nI'll be honest, we're a ways out from an autopilot I'd trust. I've already heard several stories about people that prevented autopilot accidents, and all of them were excellent drivers. Stuff like it disengaging mid corner, after entering the corner at 7/10s is a pretty common one.","&gt; As long as you're: In good weather, on a good road with clearly marked lines and surrounded by other Tesla vehicles.\n\nBasically, california. I see multiple teslas any time i go out.","I took one of the Hondas with their \"sense\" package for a test drive and it kept it between the lines even through some spots with really worn/partially missing lines. It flashed at me to take control but it kept on steering. I didn't take it through anything really curvy though. \n\nI think if I owned one of the autopilot cars I'd only let it steer while on fairly straight roads. While it's working properly they can keep you in the centre of the lane way better than a normal driver and react quicker to someone braking in front of you so I see a future for autopilot features. ","Yea, when Volvo had half this technology in 2010, I never saw an article on r/Futurology on this.\n\nAnd in a time when Tesla, Volvo, Mercedes, and Audi all have basically the same \"autopilot\" technology...Yet again, only Tesla gets credit.\n\nWoo hoo...","Because tesla is the only one who markets it as autopilot and allows you to not be touching the steering wheel. Pretty much every other car company requires you to still hold the wheel while driving. ","For liability reasons I presume?","sounds like volvo has a terrible marketing team. This shit is what people want to hear about.","\"They're Boxy\" not good enough for you any more?","Needs more Internet shills","I am so ready for computers to take over. ","&lt;tinfoil hat&gt;until NSA and FBI disables your safety and drives your car into a tree&lt;/tinfoil hat&gt;","I think they will do it, because they tend to be irresponsible like that. But I wonder how many years it will set back the self-driving industry once it gets out that they did it (and it will get out).\n\nI also think law enforcement and the FBI will soon start asking for \"features\" such as being able to stop a self-driving car whenever they want to, track it wherever it is, and who knows what else.","Think vaccines in Pakistan.\n\nAs always, this will come down to how securely the tech is made, instead of government's self restraint.  Who knows though, maybe fears of kidnappings by hackers or government agents will do more for encryption than metadata fears have so far.  We can certainly hope.","They already have pretty much all of those \"features\" on cars with onstar","sure i am worried about that too but i am more worried about the computer just plain glitching and sending me into a tree","Error 101\nUnexpected space character in start tag\n\nError 102\nUnexpected space character in end tag\n","http://www.computerworld.com/article/2473920/cybercrime-hacking/car-hacking--car-cyberattack-a-possible-theory-behind-journalist-s-death.html","When in traffic I get bored and reach for my phone. I know it's stupid and a dumb thing to do, but alas.\n\nAutopilot would significantly reduce the risk of having my first accident.","How do car insurance companies adjust with this kind of a statistic for insuring the car? ","Pretty well, I'd imagine.  There's still deer and unexpected obstacles.  While the car reacts more quickly and consistently than a human, it's not as though there will be no accidents at all.\n\nI imagine it would be much more like home owner's insurance, with region being taken more into account.  Around my house a deer is the biggest wild thing you can hit.  Live near a moose?  Hope you're ready to pay big.","[Relevant XKCD?](https://xkcd.com/1252/)\n\nEdit: 1.3 million deaths a year (in the world) / 7.125 billion = .000182  = .0182% chance of dying in a car crash each year by living on Earth. 50 million / 7.125 billion = .00701 = 0.7% chance of getting hurt in a crash each year. Of course, this number changes drastically based on where you actually live. This doesn't account for ALL car crashes either.","[Image](http://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/increased_risk.png)\n\n[Mobile](https://m.xkcd.com/1252/)\n\n**Title:** Increased Risk\n\n**Title-text:** You may point out that strictly speaking, you can use that statement to prove that all risks are tiny\\-\\-to which I reply HOLY SHIT WATCH OUT FOR THAT DOG\\!\n\n[Comic Explanation](https://www.explainxkcd.com/wiki/index.php/1252#Explanation)\n\n**Stats:** This comic has been referenced 139 times, representing 0.1283% of referenced xkcds.\n\n---\n^[xkcd.com](https://www.xkcd.com) ^| ^[xkcd sub](https://www.reddit.com/r/xkcd/) ^| ^[Problems/Bugs?](https://www.reddit.com/r/xkcd_transcriber/) ^| ^[Statistics](http://xkcdref.info/statistics/) ^| ^[Stop Replying](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=xkcd_transcriber&amp;subject=ignore%20me&amp;message=ignore%20me) ^| ^[Delete](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=xkcd_transcriber&amp;subject=delete&amp;message=delete%20t1_d2frq55)","driverless cars wont have to drive as well as humans drive, that's easy. they'll have to drive as well as humans THINK they drive, and thats impossible.","Can't wait to buy one in 15 years when my van breaks down ","What will the police do to compensate for the non existent traffic ticketing income?","Nothing? The police doesn't get money from issuing tickets. The CITY does. The city gives the department a yearly budget regardless of how many tickets they write. ","But what happens when hackers get into the gps system?","So that makes the deaths okay?","Think of how we viscerally respond to various types of threats actually cause, we are doing it wrong.","If it is not legislated, then it will absolutely be market driven.  \"If you use AI driving, your insurance coverage will be provided by Tesla's lifetime warranty\"  Or some other similar wording.. \n\nCar manufactures are also huge financial firms, it is not a big leap from selling loans to selling super cheap / zero premium car insurance.  Especially if you have supreme confidence in your AI driving software.  ","You can import them from the secular world, then? ","Well, since it can't completely eliminate all traffic accidents, I would judge this to be useless.\n\nIt's no different than driving in a car with someone who's inebriated.\n\nLOL.","Drive-by's? The \"auto-mobile\" would become a weapon under that scenario. Just imagine the computational power of the vehicle itself. At six thousand pounds and hitting sixty miles per hour in three seconds...and still functioning after it slams into \"whatever\"...this is a very powerful weapon in its own right. Needless to say \"the driver\" is merely providing overwatch at this point...but if he has a gun too you might want to think twice about retreating before his AI assisted \"auto\"...","People who tailgate and the person in front suddenly brakes. Those types of accidents I think are the ones prevented.","50%, you crash or you don't ;-;","Go fuck yourself. ","Know what?\n\nI can.","[removed]","Fuck that not everyone is equipped to tackle every problem and we have enough people to tackle every problem so long as we enable the people with the right mindset and skillset it'll get handled.\n\nDon't be condescending to people saving lives in any fashion weather their affluent or not a life is a life.\n\nAs a software developer I'm better equipped to contribute to Autonomus safety. And I'm ignorant to logistics, agriculture, and frankly a little socially inept which would hinder my ability to identify those most in need of aid.\n\nYou calling me a waste of space because I'm putting my talents to the greatest benefit to saving lives I can muster? Fuck you.","You sound like a kid. You won't save anyone, not even yourself and I feel pity for you. I'm still going to post this but thats the worst insult I've said to someone online. I'm not calling you a waste of space, you're admitting to that and we both know its true. Fuck me? I love you and I hope you prove me wrong. ","I've already helped more people than I can truely know. Want to know how? By working for Healthcare companies and making insurance and benefits more easily accessible to people and helping doctors get more comprehensive access to medical histories of people under their care and with related conditions they can draw on for more experience. Knowing that you'd still rather I learn to fly a plane and air drop food and water in africa?","&gt;working for Healthcare companies and making insurance and benefits more easily accessible to people and helping doctors get more comprehensive access to medical histories of people under their care and with related conditions they can draw on for more experience.\n\nSo let me get this straight you work in healthcare? A for profit healthcare organization? You work for people who profit directly on the suffering of people? You hold their health for ransom unless they can pay? You think you help people? Its immoral to be associated with that sort of thing. \n\n&gt;Knowing that you'd still rather I learn to fly a plane and air drop food and water in africa?\n\nNo. I honestly don't care either way. Doesn't matter me in the slightest, I don't care about the people over there, no one does but at least I'm honest about it. I think I'll have thai for lunch. \n","No I'm a contractor who once had a contract for a healthcare company. You're not mistaken in some aspects of healthcare but there's also government assistance programs to take into account. In some cases those in need got the help they needed and would not have had access to it in any other way. Finite resources... They have this funny quirk to impose limits on how many people can be helped...\n\nI've also worked on a medical therapy machine which helped people rehabilitate from injuries. Worked in real estate helping people buy homes, some of them likely their very first home.\n\nI've done a image collage app with the intent to help elderly with failing memories get around...\n\nYou're pretty quick to be condescending anyone who isn't universally altruistic... People can only care so much and even if you do care you can only do so much with what you're given in your life. I'd increase that not caring you do so well to encompass all that criticism you enjoy doling out so much and let us people that have the capability to help do so in whatever way we can.\n\nGranted all of what I've done I did in part for money but niggas gotta eat too yo.","It's kinda how I don't care if you die? You probably live just as far away from me as those kids, and affect me about as much. ","&gt;It's kinda how I don't care if you die?\n\nWhy would you? It would be funny if you knew every felt the same about you, even your mom.\n\n&gt;You probably live just as far away from me as those kids, and affect me about as much.\n\nI travel for a living. Even spent 2008 in the south sudan during the genocide. ","[removed]","Because he is on the Internet and doesn't have to pretend to have empathy like he does in person. ","I really worry this is true...","My thoughts exactly","&gt; can land the plane (note, there's no such thing as a magical \"land\" button, autolandings are much more work than hand-landing the plane, there's lots of checklists to do and systems to set up and buttons to push etc etc).\n\nThose buttons could push themselves.","Knock it off with your shitposting already. It's people like you that keep misinforming the masses.","The Airbus already prevents you from making dangerous maneuvers, it could very easily be made to fly on its own and you know it.","Check out Air France 296 or Air France 447. Both are perfect examples of how over automation can actually be detrimental, even with a flight crew on board.\n\nedit: To be clear, I don't fly any of the Airbus aircraft, but I studied the flight controls systems as part of my degree. It's not quite a simple as \"They won't let you do any dangerous maneuvers.\"","Then please explain why the Germanwings accident happened, and a bunch of other airbus accidents, if they magically \"prevent dangerous maneuvers\".","No, it couldn't. If it could, Airbus would have done it by now - they are well aware that a safe crew makes a safe flight, and the human element, although prone to failure, is necessary. The point of Airbus flight control software isn't to create a little box which the pilots can play safely inside. The point is to assist the crew in their management of the flight, and to interpret their commands in the most efficient and most safe way. Even in an Airbus aircraft, the computers are secondary to the human flight crew - the automation is there to assist them. \n\nPilots are both the first and the last line of defence in aviation safety. \n\n","Rip my dads auto body mechanic shop","Guns serve a purpose other than to kill (sport). Granted it isn't a constructive, productive purpose, but there is certainly a degree of utility there.","I'm with you but \"utility\" may not be the right word. A socket wrench has utility, but a gun used for target practice has as much \"utility\" as a bow and set of arrows do for the same - useful for nothing other than entertainment and sport. ","\"Utility\" in the economic sense. Utility for consumers is the satisfaction they obtain from consuming a product.","Well, then limit guns to shooting ranges and hunting grounds. And please don't tell me protection. In isolated rural areas, I can agree, but not if your living in the suburbs in a comfy home, you're probably more likely to accidentally shoot your family than \"protect\" yourself. ","You may have the advantage of living in a zoned area, where low income/high crime areas are not right next to middle/high income areas, but there are areas where this is not the case. Additionally, \"Probably\" more likely isn't much comfort in the (admittedly unlikely) event that your home is broken into by an armed assailant.","How does that relate to the comparison above? ","And how do you make up that lost money from car accidents?","There would still be insurance premiums. But at that point, its likely that the costs would be covered by the corporations","I don't think anyone in their right mind would want any kind of flesh from China, whether it \"grew in a lab\" or not.","Or look healthy with all that smog.","Still probably covered in just as much lead depending on the location of origin in china.","I listened to Elon talking in Norway.  I immediately wanted to ask him, does he only count highway miles?  As a person would normally only turn on auto pilot on highway and it is way easier to have an accident driving local than highway.   If you simply take mileage (on vs off) / airbag deployed, then counting the non highway miles as autopilot off might not be an apple to apple test.\n","City accidents don't kill nearly as many people as highway accidents anyway. ","Number of kills was not how Elon measure total accident with autopilot on vs off.  It was strictly airbag deployments.","And accidents in the weather conditions that autopilot is deployed also has less accidents/deaths overall ","Then we'll do it in Europe instead, until the Christians decide to take their heads out of their asses.","&gt; That seems to validate the current use of the word by Tesla.\n\nYa'll keep missing the point.\n\nWhat we're arguing is that the ignoramous public (as many shitposters in this thread have demonstrated) hear the word \"autopilot\" they equate that to \"hurrr durr this car/plane/train/whatever can think for itself and I can take a nap while it does everything for me!!!\" which couldn't be further from reality.\n","That's what I thought self driving cars would be. If I cant sleep during my commute than I'll just keep taking the train. \n\nAwesome info on auto pilot for planes you're giving I never knew any of that. ","The Tesla can drive from wherever you parked it to you when you \"summon\" it. I call that autopilot. ","It's not a fair comparison because software has an unknown risk of screwing up majorly at the same time.","I know this stuff is the future, but jeez I don't want people hacking into cars and crashing them. ","So we're focusing from pot to opiates now, is that it?  People need to mind their business. We have a two generations of blacks locked up in jail because of these sensational headlines.","Opiates are a real health problem that's hurting a lot of people and causing a lot of deaths. However sick people who haven't actually hurt anybody *sure as fuck* should not be treated as a criminal justice problem. If we're going to do that we should start also start locking up smokers/morbidly obese just to demonstrate the wanton stupidity of that approach.\n\nMost of these deaths are coming from legally prescribed opiates anyway, so yeah.","As someone who has lost two close friends to opiate addiction, current laws are barbaric and inhumane.  I don't support full legalization like I do for marijuana, but something had got to give!","LOL well I'm not driving one of those!","We definitely spend more money on healthcare costs because fat people stuff their faces.","Old people are actually the biggest cost associated to healthcare.","Are you sure it isn't the insurance company taking their cut?","*Technically* it's the young relatives of said old people that have power of attorney and force the doctors to blow billions a year on giving old people an extra few weeks or months.","That's untrue. Unless you want to put old people in concentration camps to suffer until they die or euthanise them like a lame horse at the first sign of weakness then the process of aging will always be an expensive one. \n\nWhat LePervetedGentleman said above would still be true regardless. \n\n","I think corporate marketing of shitty food, and lack of common sense in what we put in our food has a lot to do with it, too. ","Think of all the calories that *wont* be burned when your car is driving itself!  Maybe elon should have thought of that first. ","Speak for yourself bro. I'll be doing concentration curls in my self-driving car.\n\n","I hope it becomes mandatory so long as self driving cars aren't internet enabled. Cyber security is a fucking joke when it comes to many prominent multinational corporations. I would rather trust in humans' driving abilities than in corporate security any day, and that is just one concern to have about a massive network of internet enabled, self driving cars in our cronie-capitalist, pseudo freemarket  world where we have socialism for the ultra rich and free markets for everyone else. We're a bit too eager to hand the reins over to a strata of our society that has historically shown disastrous incompetence and destructive heights of greed that are unsustainable. I follow automatic navigation technology, and there is no doubt it is sound. I could trust the technology. It's people that worry me, in this subject.","So I've never ever had an accident.  I'm a very safe driver.  You cant improve on perfection.  ","I'm really only interested in how many people die unnecessarily, not in what the circumstances surrounding their deaths are. Where there is a greater number of deaths that could be prevented, in my view, there should be more effort devoted.","But the point is that those deaths cannot *reasonably* be prevented yet while still going about our every day lives as normal. Are we on that road with AI? Looks like it. Have we put insane amounts of money / political clout behind trying to lower vehicle deaths? Oh very much most definitely. Have we done the same, or even close to the same, with trying to curb the tragedy of gun deaths? Hmmm. \n\nI think you're seeing people try to argue that guns are bad mmmk and taking that as action actually happening. So far I've seen no action taken by gun manufacturers, while I've seen a crapton of *mandatory* action taken by vehicle manufacturers.","What action would you like gun manufacturers to take to curb gun deaths? I can think of a few methods that might be helpful sales side, but what measures could manufacturers take that wouldn't encumber the use of guns for self defense?","Well I suppose if you want to have a loaded gun under your pillow waiting for you at all times to shoot-insta-kill someone then no there's no way to have that *and* safety at the same time. But I get mixed signals on this. On the one hand all the responsible gun owners say they have their gun locked in a safe so no criminal can come and steal it from them / sell it on the black market. On the other hand a simple fingerprint reader (much less time than opening a safe) hampers their ability to defend themselves completely. It's a very confusing conversation to have much of the time.","Gun safes are made by many manufacturers (most of whom don't make guns). I think you're being a little disingenuous here in your comparisons.","I responded to you just above, with much the same as I'm going to say here, which is that my point boils down to the disproportionate amount of public discussion/outrage/ink spilled over gun control when guns are pretty much the last, lowest item on the list of causes of preventable death. \n\nIf we completely solved the gun problem, getting rid of gun homicides entirely and, let's say, fully preventing half of suicides currently done with guns, we would save 20k American lives annually. That's only half of the number of annual vehicle deaths, 1/4th the alcohol deaths, &lt;1/5th obesity deaths, 1/10th to 1/20th medical error deaths, 1/20th tobacco deaths, and 1/250th the number of global deaths of children under the age of 5 due to inadequate water, food, and basic medical care.\n\nIf we truly care about saving lives and limiting suffering, let's have some damn sense of proportion. All needless deaths are tragedies, but guns are a trivial contributor to the tragedy and many other, far bigger, problems need solved first.","I think folks do miss this point...in short a gun is not an entertainment device where one can watch another...like say watching Prince die in his own elevator for twelve hours...all in the name of Entertainment for Humanity of course. Needless to say the demand for said video feed knows no bounds...in the meantime driving might soon become boring for all the freaks out there who claim \"accident\" but in fact are murdering American cops, firemen, politicians and yes, \"Joe Citizen\" too.\n\nAlways glad to see folks show up for the Funeral of course. Appatently they haven't been following their own very War in Afghanistan very closely....","This is actually a big concern for airlines. \n\nProgrammers could easily make plane fly themselves, likely safer than pilots can. But, people would feel less safe. So pilots have to be left with some control. The issue is how much. \n\nIf you give pilots too little control you basically run the risk of them being inexperienced. Too much control and they get more chances for human error.\n\nIt seems that many airlines have decided to let pilots control much of the easy shit but then take over for horrible blind landings etc. And force pilots to be in the loop as much as possible to keep them trained up.","Preaching to the choir. And it's hardly the modus operandi for airlines.","Battle tested ","50% is less than what divides good or bad drivers from the average. so if youre a realloy good driver it might be a better choice to drive yourself. the problem is just that usually those who think they are the best drivers who are not.","...in cases where an accident would have occurred. It's possible to drive for 20 years or more and never have an accident. It's difficult to say that driving a Tesla lowers your probability by 50% if you were never going to have an accident anyway. Cool tech anyway!","Doesnt it need pristine roads to work? All the more reason to expand infrastructure budget and bring more jobs.","Every major car manufacturer selling cars in the US recently agreed to make automatic braking a standard feature for substantially all new cars by 2022, meaning it pretty much will be mandatory:\nhttps://www.yahoo.com/tech/automakers-agree-put-automatic-braking-144322889.html\n\nIt will probably take a few years after that to become an official part of the regulations, but it's definitely happening.","Brand it Jesus drive it'll get adopted a lot quicker. ","EZ pass in the States does it to a much lesser extent. There are several EZ pass only highways where you pay a premium to bypass traffic. Or you can use HOV lanes at a premium. I could see something similar with self-driving-only highways or HOV lanes","That's really oversimplifying what guns are used for.\nFor starters, killing is not limited to humans. Do you oppose hunting?","It's what we were taught growing up.   That was a fundamental understanding of a firearm and we were taught to treat it as such.\n","It's not that shit like this exists on the internet, it's that shit like this exists on the internet AND GETS 93 UPVOTES.  \n\nPS.  Opposition to abortion HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH RELIGION other than the must fundamental moral value that human life ought to be protected by laws.  If you think having that value requires one to be religious, than that says something really damn dark about secularism.  ","Just how many accidents are Tesla's tiny amount of autopilot equipped cars having to be able to extract any useful amount of data in just a few months?","47 million miles of driving.  That's the volume of data.  And the accident rate is 1/2 what it is when people drive.\n\nPretty damning for the human driver right there...","But if you are unlucky and end up being in an accident with said auto pilot activated, would telsa be held responsible? If so how would you prove it was on auto pilot and not just you driving?","Does anyone want to drive anymore?  Is anyone ok with a car which only takes over to avoid an accident?  \n","I want to be rich.  Can I please be rich?  Why is being rich wasted on the rich, instead of on me?","That's why he called it autopilot, because it's about as autonomous as autopilot in planes, i.e. a bit but not very. What he didn't realize is how badly people would misinterpret it. ","[deleted]","They could already do this if they wanted.","[deleted]","[We can make RC Cars, so they can already remotely explode vehicles](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtZ0iSrSuWY)","Do you think we should devote our political attention to things based on how likely they are to kill those who interact with them, rather than on how many people are actually killed by them? \n\nWhat is it that we care about, if it isn't simply trying to remove as much suffering from the world as we can? Death is death; it doesn't matter how it comes about, it only matters whether we can prevent it from happening.","&gt;Do you think we should devote our political attention to things based on how likely they are to kill those who interact with them?\n\nOfc you should, it is the only reasonable way. Why would you use spent \"x\" amount of money/time to prevent 1 death if you can prevent multiple amounts with the same input? You cannot be 100% safe and therefor you have to make sure to invest into the higher triggers.","Consider two threats to public safety: *A* kills 50% of the people who come in contact with it, but only 1 million people a year come in contact with it. *B* kills only 1% of the people who interact with it, but 300 million people interact with it per year. Which is the greater threat to public safety? Which should we work harder at fixing?","You're forgetting that B is very necessary for lots of people where as A is not.","That is your opinion.","Well if there were no publicly owned guns then life wouldn't change much but with no cars people would have a lot of difficulty getting around. And even if A and B are not cars and guns there are still more variables than \"number of people using A and B\" and \"death rates due to A and B\".","&gt;Well if there were no publicly owned guns then life wouldn't change much\n\nExcept for the fact that only criminals would now have firearms.","In that case criminals wouldn't need firearms. Because they wouldn't need to attack/defend themselves against people with firearms. Firearms are rarely used in crime in most parts of Europe.","&gt;In that case criminals wouldn't need firearms.\n\nSure they would, it would make it even easier to rob someone.\n\n&gt; Firearms are rarely used in crime in most parts of Europe.\n\nBut they are used plenty in Latin America.","Do you want to compare the US to the developing world or to the developed world?","I live in a country where guns aren't common and they don't seem to be much of an issue here. I agree with the position America is in banning guns straight away wouldn't work but slowly removing them seems sensible.","&gt;but slowly removing them seems sensible.\n\nI think you understatement just how slowly that would be. Unless you are Chinese or Indian there are more firearms in the US than there are citizens of your country.","Doesn't mean you shouldn't start.","Hypothetically, assume there are 0 guns or 0 cars. What about your daily life would change without the guns? Probably not hunting, going to the range, and maybe you get mugged with a knife instead. But for cars, how would you get to work? Do you live somewhere you can walk or bike to work? What about everyone else? No work gets done if people are that far from their job, so that would be a hella drastic change. Thus, having no guns makes little difference compared to cars. ","Except only in a fairy-tail land is there a place where there are 0 guns.\n\nYou can't put that genie back into the bottle.","Obviously. The point is not that one or the other can be gotten rid of, it's about the effects of either on your day to day life. Clearly, cars disappearing has more effect on your life. It's *much* more necessary than a gun, because without it your life would be *drastically* altered,  and the other has minimal effects. ","I'm not forgetting it, I just don't think it matters. Necessary to the way of life we've evolved in the last ~100 years or not, cars kill four times as many people as guns do. Those people are dead, and we should care four times as much about the car problem as we do about the gun problem, because in the end the only thing that matters is how many people die in ways that might be avoidable. ","Well the car problem seems to be getting fixed (eg people are making self driving cars, seat belts, air bags, redesigning roads etc) while the gun one doesn't. Yes stopping all unnecessary deaths is a good thing but sometimes it more effort to stop some than others or some need to be dealt with in a more public way. Just because there isn't a large public out cry when people die in car crashes doesn't mean people aren't trying to stop them.\n\nAnd anyway how much people care isn't directly related to how many people die/ are stopped from dying.","&gt;And anyway how much people care isn't directly related to how many people die/ are stopped from dying.\n\nYes. This is stupid. We need to care, and direct effort, in proportion to actual suffering, not how much a thing triggers our irrational fears or tugs our heartstrings.","Well what else can be done? It's not like having politicians getting angry at cars will help. As I said the problem is getting fixed anyway with self driving cars, redesigning roads etc.","It doesn't have to be actual \"AI\" so much as a series of automatic braking based on particular events.","Insurance will continue to be lower for everyone. AI cars make the roads safer, why would manual drivers insurance go up?","To offset lower revenue due to increasing numbers of safer AI cars. Insurance companies are not non-profits. Like all companies, it is in their interest to create new ways to make money. ","For a normal business, yes, but how insurance works. It's a regulated industry, you can't just raise rates to increase revenue, the department of insurance has to approve all rate changes and require experience ratings. If the losses dropped 50%  revenue increases 50%. The big insurance companies frequently operate at less than a 10% margin. They could in theory cut rates 30% and still make record profits, because losses are so much lower.","It ought to go to the remaining half dozen causes of preventable death that are many times larger than gun deaths.","So anything to take focus off gun deaths because we can only address one issue at a time. ","No. Focus should be distributed among problems in proportion to the size of the problems. In practice this does seem to mean taking focus away from gun deaths, but only because gun violence gets a wildly disproportionate share of focus currently.\n\nGun violence is still a problem and should be worked on. It is, though, a much smaller problem than many others.","Yes and taxes should go to only what I find important. ","What is it that you find important here? It evidently isn't needless deaths, or you would be at least acknowledging my point, even if you felt some other approach was likely to reduce deaths more.\n\nWhy do so many people seem to care about **GUNS** more than the death that they sometimes lead to? If we cared about death more than the means by which it comes, we would, certainly, care about guns, but not nearly as much as all the other things I've repeatedly listed.","I like how the reddit chapter of the New Scientific Rationalism Atheism Movement is coming out acting like that's going to be the main problem--religion getting in the way. Not that organ growing will probably be no different from cancer treatment or some other overpriced medical procedure that none of you will be able to afford once America's \"free market\" gets its teeth in it.\n\nOrgan growing sounds good in theory but I bet the result will be just the same unappreciative assholes of the world living longer than they need to because they have money. More old people, with the entitlement that comes with the illusion of immortality. More Sam Harris worshipping morons chanting about maximizing happiness while living the same, limited, ignorant lives for an additional 70 years. ","You're a bible worshipping moron? From your neighbourhood Sam Harris worshipping moron. Moron. ","Nope, just a guy who thinks that the solution to a better life and overall happiness isn't just bumping up numbers.\n\nThe world won't be a better place just because people get an additional x number of years. The quality of life won't be any better or worse. It'll just be a bunch of smug retards like you gleeful because they think they \"hacked\" the human body. ","You seem irrationally angry.","I feel like you think that \"Christians\" have a lot more money and power than they really do. Besides, why specifically Christians in this situation? You seem to have quite the angle here.","Fuck now i dont want companies designing my replacement organs. Or government having a hand in regulating them. Fuuuck.","Christians just aren't that powerful lol","I'm not interested in an autodriving car until the accident rate is nonexistent","&gt; Tesla’s Autopilot lowers probability of having an accident by 50% based on early data\n\n[Hmm?](https://media.giphy.com/media/sBl8Fowq0ErFC/giphy.gif)\n\n&gt; says Musk\n\n[Ahh.](https://media.giphy.com/media/14yHKMkMlA9gL6/giphy.gif)","I get what your're saying, but perhaps an inferior organ may accelerate your death rather than prevent it.","If evidence of that came to light, the manufacturing biomedical company would never survive.","There are companies that harm the public all the time- Peanut Corporation of America, Faulty air bags, etc.- And they are still \"surviving\".","Maybe I've been too optimistic. I can easily see a faulty-organ company extorting the desperate poor as being the only affordable option.","Peanut Corporation of America is defunct as a direct result of harming the public. ","Not directly, if there were absolutely no regulation then people who did things like this could simply escape into the night or put \"caveat emptor\" on all the peanut butter jars","It might be too late by then.","Meh, its my own business what I want to put in my own body. ","But what you actually put in your body may not be what you decided to put in. What you put in might be very different to what you intended. \n\nYour assinine logic is like blaming someone who drives a car with Takata airbags for not fully researching the autocad of that system to ensure it wouldn't injure them in an auto accident. Companies need to be held accountable for putting the public in danger or distorting legitimate hazards. ","Right, and it's eventually my responsibility to try to make good choices. Legally restricting my freedom is not useful.\n\n&gt;Your assinine logic is like blaming someone who drives a car with Takata airbags for not fully researching the autocad of that system to ensure it wouldn't injure them in an auto accident\n\nOnly in an slight way as your example is negatively exaggerated. If someone chose to install airbags just designed in the past year which haven't been tested much, and then those airbags failed... is much closer. But hypotheticals never match reality so there is little point.","Yes it is, but doctors have certain obligations and so do the vendors of artificial organs. If you can put in an artificial lung by yourself or at a piercing studio, be anyone's guest","[removed]","[removed]","[removed]","Posts removed, rule 1.   You can disagree with someone, but avoid personal insults.","I respect your decision and I did my best to focus on the content and tone of their post. I find it deeply discouraging that you encourage that type of post which adds nothing to the conversation except to smear and diminish an unrelated group. ","But don;t they call it autopilot on a plane also?\n\n&gt; An autopilot is a system used to control the trajectory of a vehicle without constant 'hands-on' control by a human operator being required. Autopilots do not replace a human operator, but assist them in controlling the vehicle, allowing them to focus on broader aspects of operation, such as monitoring the trajectory, weather and systems.[1] Autopilots are used in aircraft, boats (known as self-steering gear), spacecraft, missiles, and others.\n\nAs a pilot you should know that the term autopilot is not synonymous with autonomous.","&gt; As a pilot you should know that the term autopilot is not synonymous with autonomous.\n\n\nNo shit I would know. I'm simply  reaffirming /u/pyronius's point that *the public at large is oblivious to that distinction.*","&gt; Unless it's fully autonomous DO NOT call it autopilot.\n\nThen why did you agree with this statement?\n","The pedantry is strong with this one","That statement is just wrong and only adds to the misconception.","Oh for freaks sake, what part of: \n\n#I'm simply reaffirming /u/pyronius [+1]'s point that the public at large is oblivious to that distinction.\n\nDo you not understand?","I also don't believe that.  I am the layman, no interaction in automation or airplanes systems and I knew this info.  Hell I'm reasonably sure it was taught to me in high school.  I'm also reasonable certain that if I took a poll most people would know this.\n\nedit:Not to mention the part I had an issue with was the premise for his argument, that you reinforced.","&gt;Hell I'm reasonably sure it was taught to me in high school.\n\nBullshit. Why the hell would a highscool be talking about planes, let alone autopilots. Mine sure as hell didn't. You're just trolling at this point.\n\n\n&gt; I'm also reasonable certain that if I took a poll most people would know this.\n\nIf I had a dollar for every time some random idiot made the remark that our jobs are \"so easy\" because \"planes fly themselves\" I'd be driving a Porsche.\n\nAnd it's not just me [this](http://www.news.com.au/travel/travel-advice/pilot-patrick-smith-reveals-the-most-annoying-myths-about-flying/story-fn6yjmoc-1226726021617) guy is a well known airline pilot on a crusade to eliminate these myths. See #2. \n\nIf guys like him and myself feel the need to point this out to the public at large, then i'ts certainly because the public at large is oblivious.","&gt;  You're just trolling at this point.\n\nYes, I went and learned this info with the intention to wait for the right moment for a pilot to say something so I could troll them.  I'm a very committed troll.  /s\n\nEdit:your school never talked about planes?\nYou didnt learn about lift in school?\n\nEdit2:   Learning the definition of autopilot may very well have been in English class.","I think you'll find the need to own a car will reduce as taxi services like Uber get self driving cars. It could theoretically be cheaper than owning a car at that point, not to mention the benefits for traffic congestion and pollution. \n\nedit: oops, didn't see the other comment saying basically the same thing. ","This \"step in\" feature you speak of would be highly controversial and extremely volatile, I would not bank on that.","&gt; the freedom that comes with driving\n\nI think the freedom comes with the car, the driving itself is like slavery, an unbreakable nuisance of a chain to getting anywhere. \n\nI'd love to never touch a steering wheel ever again.","Well the difference in political and financial significance is largely due to the fact that guns are made to kill people and cars are not. ","Surely what matters is how many people are dying preventable deaths, no matter the intents or purposes of the circumstances that lead to their deaths. If I make some incredibly lethal new weapon with no other conceivable use besides murdering people, but it doesn't become widely popular and in the end it's only implicated in 100 homicides a year, on what grounds would we devote more energy and attention to the problem of better regulating that weapon than to figuring out how to reduce the 40+k traffic deaths/year?\n\nIf we were reasonable, I think we would devote our political energy to problems in proportion to how much suffering we could thereby remove from the world, without reference to emotionally compelling but statistically irrelevant circumstances that cloud the issue.","I think it could be proved that having an AI in your brain will lower your chances of having to think greatly","This doesn't sound like a controlled experiment.\n\nIt could just be that the autopilot was turned on during relatively safe driving conditions.  For example, you wouldn't have it on during bad weather. ","50% of what? Myself driving?","Product is good says Product salesman.","Del Spooner, now 10 years old, won't be too happy to hear about this.","Someone is going to die, which is inevitable perfect organ transplant or not.  Any death of a lab-grown organ transplant recipient is going to be looked at with any autopsy.  The transplant organ will likely be a prime suspect of any death.  Any evidence of a defective organ and the company will be sued to oblivion.\n\nWhen it comes to something like this, it pays to be ethical.  At least in the United States.  ","I don't want things that are hackable to be on the road. ","Even moderates get people killed it seems. Fuck anyone that gets political with superstitions.","Yet airlines still call it autopilot... That's exactly the autopilot Tesla references. It's not self driving. It's autopilot. ","This will take time for AI driving to become affordable and common place. But with reduced insurance costs, the lack of need for a personal vehicle etc it will happen. Why own a car when a Telford driving electric taxi can come and collect you and drop you directly at your destination for a few dollars.","It's not as easy as getting a cab in rural areas","because theres no way an AI driven car could come out to where you are to pick you up, no it would totally have to be cruising by and be flagged down by you.  If only you could call it via some phone or internet device, oh well.","The issue is more of efficiency.  If I have to wait 30 minutes for an AI taxi to drive out to my house in the country, it's not very efficient.  Neither is it efficient for the taxi to effectively be making two trips out to the country when I only need one.\n\nOn a separate note, you won't catch me dead using a taxi for my primary transportation, even in an AI-driving world.  I don't want to deal with whatever everyone before me left behind, nor the lack of freedom to leave and arrive exactly when I want, nor the lack of freedom to leave stuff in my car in case I might need it, etc etc.  So many downsides and I'll have none of it.","Yet you still call it \"autopilot\"...","&gt; That seems to validate the current use of the word by Tesla.\n\nYeah so? If you want to be extremely pedantic then in my plane its technically called the flight guidance control system.","It seems like this will be the stepping stone and eventually cars will just be 100% self-driven.","Until they publicly release data, I call bullshit.\n\nIf this were true, he could very easily publish this data and let the us decide for ourselves whether these numbers hold up. They won't.","One of my favorite things to do when people are worrying is to compare something someone is afraid of to the odds of dying at in a car crash. Cars always win. Usually by multiple orders of magnitude.\n\n(E.g. sharks, terrorists, guns, diseases etc.)","Mesothelioma, oh wait. ","Motor vehicle deaths (per km driven) have fallen steadily pretty much since the introduction of the car.\n\nFrom speed limits and drunk driving laws, to emission standards and preinstalled seat belts.\n\nWe're pretty good at making driving safer.  Every year we get a little bit better.  \n\nIt's not sexy to agitate for reenforced roof pillars and more reactive seatbelt pretensioners.\n\nSociety views car accident deaths as \"just part of life\" and treats them as heart disease deaths.  \n\nPeople don't (generally) protest when someone dies in a rollover accident or of congestive heart failure.\n\nPeople rarely protest when a poorly engineered component kills seventy people.\n\nPeople (sometimes) protest when a single police officer kills a singe person.\n\nGun deaths are seen as abnormal.  They stand out.  You're much more likely to be killed by a stray police car than a stray police bullet.\n\nBut humans gauge risk poorly and can be more afraid of a less risky unknown than a riskier known.  ","Curiously, if a company were to cut corners with an organ, as long as it's not rejected by the patient and all of the corners weren't cut, would it be that detrimental? It's biological so it has some capacity for repair by the host it is going into. So maybe it would be able to fix some imperfections once implanted?\n\nContinuing, what if the organ market became split into tiers of quality based on how likely it would require repairs from the body. Or how taxing it would be to a recovering patient. Could make an interesting book/movie idea.\n\nContin","Probability of cancer 5-10 years out? Infertility? Imbalanced homones affecting personality? I'm sure there'll be some corners that we won't be ok with getting unnecessairily cut","Some things should be discriminated against; its really no different than when we started forcing people to drive with seatbelts, or enforced engine emission standards... in each case, owners of older vehicles were eventually confronted with a choice - pay to install upgrades, or get a new car.","Not actually true. Older cars are grandfathered in based on the laws at their production. That's why I can have a '66 Mustang that has no emissions testing. ","&gt;AI-only roads (and perhaps exorbitantly high insurance premiums for manual drivers) would have the practical effect of discriminating against people who cannot afford a newer vehicle. \n\nThat's why we need better public transportation.\n\nThe roads are already discriminatory in this way, to at least *some* degree. Being able to afford a car with good gas mileage, or being able to afford the gas in a car with poor mileage.\n\nIn the early years of the car, where it was a real luxury to have a car *at all*, the discrimination was more evident.\n\nCar culture really is a pretty terrible thing, in general, imo. Think of how much of a head start we would have had on climate change if we'd never started with encouraging urban sprawl, long commutes, and so on.","Tremendous city housing costs aren't helping.","Maybe in the short term but do we already not discriminate on public roads? Its extreme but how many horse and buggy carriages do you see on the interstate? Eh just being the devil here.","In order to understand the future, people need to be educated about the past. When cars replaced carriages, there was a different legal and cultural context. Women couldn't vote, colored people had to use separate facilities, and the Civil Rights Act had not been passed. ","This just in.... all Asian women will now receive a discount on Tesla vehicles","Although there is nothing preventing anyone from actually making a fully autonomous airplane that would be 100% fine *in perfect weather*.\n\nYour plane already starts, flies and lands automatically. You're just there for when shit hits the fan.","It is mostly the reverse... Pilots aren't allowed to control the landing in shit weather.\n\nBut then at the opposite extreme like, a wing fell off, the computer is basically fucked and the pilot is told to wing it.","EDIT: I just noticed your biggest flaw in your logic:\n\n&gt;that would be 100% fine in perfect weather.\n\nThis is when we need automation the LEAST. It's precisely when the weather turns to shit that we need automation the most, by far. Even with our \"magical autopilots\" there's a LOT of work to do especially in crappy weather.\n\n\n&gt; Your plane already starts,\n\nNo.\n\n&gt;flies,\n\nOnly partially \n\n&gt;and lands automatically.\n\nExtremely rarely, and my plane in fact does not have that capability.\n\n\n&gt;You're just there for when shit hits the fan.\n\nThanks for insulting thousands of hard working pilots out there. That's a huge rock you're living under.","&gt;&gt; Your plane already starts,\n\n&gt; No.\n\nFine, but it could very easily.\n\n&gt;&gt;flies,\n\n&gt;Only partially\n\nNo, very well actually. You just put in the numbers.\n\n&gt;&gt;and lands automatically.\n\n&gt;Extremely rarely, and my plane in fact does not have that capability.\n\nILS is rare? In what world do you live?\n\n&gt;&gt;You're just there for when shit hits the fan.\n\n&gt;Thanks for insulting thousands of hard working pilots out there. That's a huge rock you're living under.\n\nThat's not an insult, why would you think that? ","I just love how redditors think they know how to do my job better than I do.\n\n&gt;but it could very easily.\n\nOk smarty pants, who's going to determine if there's nothing behind the exhaust to burn/blast? Who's call is it going to be when there's a massive tailwind up the tailpipe spinning the engine furiously backwards thus creating the potential for a hot start? Who's going to see if it's safe to even turn that engine if there's ice/debris etc etc around? Yeah, guess what: the pilots will. AI is no where near capable making those determinations plus a dozen others I'm probably overlooking.\n\n&gt; No, very well actually. You just put in the numbers.\n\nYou live under a pretty big rock. It's no way nearly that simple.\n\n&gt;ILS is rare? In what world do you live?\n\nQuit putting words in my mouth. I never said that.  I'm merely pointing out *the need for autoland is extremely rare*. Just because an airport/airplane has an ILS transmitter/receiver does NOT mean either one are certified for autoland. There's not a single regional airline in the US certified for autolands. And even larger major airlines don't have that enabled on all their planes, and furthermore, even if the plane  is capable of doing so, the airline and pilots have to be certified to do so, which is an enormous expense for something rarely needed, hence why they're few and far between.\n\n&gt;That's not an insult, why would you think that?\n\nMany people love to throw out that assumption that we're just overpaid potato sacks that occasionally have to be heros. It is pretty insulting hearing it all the time and that's certainly what you're implying.\n\nIt's just like many doctors rightfully getting pissed off after an arduous surgery for their patients where the patient only later thanks god for being alive rather than them, or their nurses or whatever.","&gt; Many people love to throw out that assumption that we're just overpaid potato sacks that occasionally have to be heros. It is pretty insulting hearing it all the time and that's certainly what you're implying.\n\nNo, it's not. But you really are in those seats because your skills are required in bad weather or whenever something fails, that's your job. The actual flying *in good weather* as i said could be done automatically.\n\n&gt;Ok smarty pants, who's going to determine if there's nothing behind the exhaust to burn/blast?\n\nYour plane has rearview-cameras? No? Oh dear, then how are *you* able to do that? Because you're not, ATC, Ground, Departure does that for you.\n\n&gt;Who's call is it going to be when there's a massive tailwind up the tailpipe spinning the engine furiously backwards thus creating the potential for a hot start?\n\nComputer cannot do that? \n\n&gt;Who's going to see if it's safe to even turn that engine if there's ice/debris etc etc around? Yeah, guess what: the pilots will. AI is no where near capable making those determinations plus a dozen others I'm probably overlooking.\n\nOf course it could, but if we assume it couldn't then a pilot employed by ATC or the airport could do that for each departing plane.\n\n&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;and lands automatically.\n\n&gt;&gt;&gt;Extremely rarely, and my plane in fact does not have that capability.\n\n&gt;&gt;ILS is rare? In what world do you live?\n\n&gt;Quit putting words in my mouth. I never said that.\n\nYou did.\n\n&gt; I'm merely pointing out the need for autoland is extremely rare. \n\nI'm not talking about the need, i'm saying autoland is possible and already working working.\n\n&gt;Just because an airport/airplane has an ILS transmitter/receiver does NOT mean either one are certified for autoland. \n\nYes, that's true, i assumed wrongly.\n\n&gt;There's not a single regional airline in the US certified for autolands. And even larger major airlines don't have that enabled on all their planes,\n\nBut that's irrelevant. Planes can and do autoland.\n\n&gt;pilots have to be certified to do so, \n\nThat wouldn't be necessary anymore.\n\n\n","You're an idiot. That's not one but TWO airline guys you think you know better than. ","&gt;Fine, but it could very easily\n\nEh, starting a jet engine is no where near as simple as, say, a car engine. Very easy to screw up if you aren't careful. By screw-up I mean completely destroy the engine by melting everything in and around it. And there are a lot of external factors as well.\n\n&gt;No, very well actually. You just put in the numbers\n\nIdk about u/PM_ME_YOUR_EMPENNAGE, but the autopilot in my airplane needs to be monitored constantly. It's really not that great. Heck it seems like on every approach it wants to blow right through the localizer(extended runway center line that our instruments can track while on approach to the airport) which, if there's another aircraft on a parallel approach(which is everyone single time at major airports) can be catastrophic. Not mention, there are about 3-4 ways to do just about everything, and each can be useful in different scenarios, depending upon weather, traffic, air traffic control, weight, stage of flight, etc. It's far more complicated than \"putting in the numbers\".\n\n&gt;ILS is rare? In what world do you think that?\n\nILS does not equate to auto land. You still have to turn the autopilot off and had fly the landing. At my airline we can go as low as 80ft with the autopilot on, though most of us will switch it off from at least 1000ft AGL. Only CAT III ILS approaches require auto land, and those are used maybe once or twice PER YEAR, if that. And my aircraft doesn't even have that capability.\n\n&gt;That's not an insult, why would you think that?\n\nUh, because you basically telling us that what we do on a daily basis can be done by a computer and that we aren't really necessary unless something goes wrong? ","&gt; but the autopilot in ~~my~~ **all airplanes** needs to be monitored constantly. \n\nFTFY\n\n\nOtherwise, spot on. Thanks for bringing a tiny bit more reason into this idiotic thread.","&gt;**all airplanes**\n\nAbsolutely true. I just know the CRJ in general sucks on localizer intercepts. If the general public knew how often the a/p screwed up and needed to be corrected they probably wouldn't be so confident in its ability to \"pretty much fly itself\"","Embraer master race reporting in.\n\nEh, who am I kidding, the AP can be sloppy too especially when intercepting the LOC outside of 15nm, but I attribute it mostly due to user error. You have to help it out a bit and it'll be fine.","Ya, usually if ATC gives us anything more than a 30 degree intercept we'll just slowly turn in on the localizer ourselves til its about 30 degrees. Otherwise we'll be at least a dot through before the a/p starts correcting.","Exactly, same technique I use. I don't think I've ever seen a CA do it though. You'd think it would be common sense.  I'll bring it down to 15 degrees or less as soon as I see the loc needle twitch on top of that.","&gt; Eh, starting a jet engine is no where near as simple as, say, a car engine. Very easy to screw up if you aren't careful. \n\nYou saying a computer couldn't do that? Seriously? \n\n&gt;Idk about u/PM_ME_YOUR_EMPENNAGE [-1], but the autopilot in my airplane needs to be monitored constantly. \n\nYou saying your autopilot doesn't work? Or that no plane could be expected to keep altitude and heading on its own? \n\n&gt;Not mention, there are about 3-4 ways to do just about everything, and each can be useful in different scenarios, depending upon weather, \n\nThat why we still have pilots, i already said as much.\n\n&gt;traffic, air traffic control,\n\nThat's what ATC is for, to keep planes separated.\n\n&gt;Only CAT III ILS approaches require auto land, and those are used maybe once or twice PER YEAR, if that.\n\nSo it *does exist* then.\n\n&gt;Uh, because you basically telling us that what we do on a daily basis can be done by a computer and that we aren't really necessary unless something goes wrong?\n\nYeah? You're still in row 0 because you are the guys with the great skills that save everyone when shit heads the fan. That's your job.","Look, I'm not trying to come across as a dick, but are you a pilot? Have you studied aviation in an actual classroom setting? It's easy to make it seem simple over the internet, but trust me, as an airline pilot, this isn't as simple as you're making it seem.\n\n&gt;You saying a computer couldn't do that? Seriously?\n\nI'm not saying that it could absolutely never be done by a computer. I'm not a computer science major. I'm sure it could be done. But the fact of the matter is, and what I'm trying to convey, is that it just isn't as simple as \"Push button, start engine.\" There's parameters that can't necessarily be monitored solely by a computer. Things like what's behind you, are we going to taxi single engine or two engine, how long is the wait on the taxiway, when are we going to start our second engine. \n\n&gt;You saying your autopilot doesn't work? Or that no plane could be expected to keep altitude and heading on its own?\n\nNeither. I'm saying that autopilots have limitations. They are actually quite good at holding altitude and heading, but the average airline flight requires maneuvers and procedures that are much more complicated than just holding a heading and an altitude. They aren't perfect. Further, autopilots need to be told what to do. And, they'll do exactly what you tell them, even to the detriment of the aircraft and everyone on board. See Air France 296 for an example. And quite frankly, even if the autopilots were perfect, no pilot who's any good at what he does is going to completely ignore the aircraft. Part of our job is to continually monitor the aircraft throughout all phases of flight. Including when the autopilot is on. It's not really a \"set if and forget it\" type system. And sometimes, its just easier to fly the plane than to program the autopilot.\n\n&gt;That why we still have pilots, i already said as much\n\nYou're right. We're there to fly the airplane. Because, like I said above, even when the autopilot is on, it still needs to be told what to do.\n\n&gt;That's what ATC is for, to keep planes separated\n\nYou're not wrong, but I'm going to guess you're not a pilot based on this statement. In aviation, we have something that is called PIC Authority. It means that Pilot in Command(PIC) has the final authority to do whatever necessary to keep the aircraft safe. While ATC does a great job at keeping planes separated, sometimes there are aircraft that don't show up on radar. Sometimes, other pilots make mistakes. Sometimes, ATC makes a mistake. Sometimes, the automation on another aircraft screws up. Any of the above scenarios can cause aircraft to become dangerously close and in that moment, action needs to be taken, regardless of the instructions ATC has given, to ensure the safe outcome of the flight. It doesn't happen very often, but when it does, the PIC has the authority to deviate to whatever extent is required. \n\n&gt;So it does exist then.\n\nNot sure I ever said it didn't? Auto land exists, but its very, very rarely used, and the procedure for setting up for auto land is actually SIGNIFICANTLY more work than a normal landings.\n\n&gt;Yeah? You're still in row 0 because you are the guys with the great skills that save everyone when shit heads the fan. That's your job.\n\nI appreciate you acknowledging the fact that we actually are in fact skilled individuals and not just trained monkeys that push buttons and let the airplane fly itself. The biggest issues for pilots is that people seem to think we're only there in the event that something goes wrong, and that we don't ever really fly the plane. Imagine you've invested thousands of dollars and thousands of hours training into becoming the best you can be at your job. And the lives of several hundred people per day depend upon the decisions you make. And then someone says to you \"You know, I don't really think what you do is that hard. You're job can pretty much be automated, all you do is push buttons. You really don't even need to be there.\" That'll piss you off after you've heard it a thousand times. Not trying to come across as a whiney or that I hate my job. I absolutely love it. It just frustrating sometimes when people seem to think they know more than you because they read some article on the internet.","Dude, don't bother. This guy has his head so far up his ass he's folded himself into a single atom.","Jesus fucking christ you're just arguing for the sake of arguing.","If Tesla's autopilot has 50% the accident rate across all drivers, then it still has a much higher accident rate than me, and I'm not exactly an incredible driver.\n\nThe young and elderly have a disproportionate amount of all accidents on the road, so I would suspect the large majority of adult drivers between the age of 25 and 70 are thus at this point superior to Tesla's Autopilot.","Lowers having it charged to me 100 percent.","As someone who has been designing and building machines that manufacture the radar systems that go in cars and now motorcycles I can say at least for me, I will disable any system like this in place with any car I ever own if it has it. These are for terrible drivers that are accident prone or distracted drivers. People don't realise that these can CREATE accidents also. As well as injury. And if I'm between an 18 wheeler and a car and I need to dump the clutch and twist the throttle to avoid and accident like I have a few times and these devices auto brake for me I'm dead.  ","Government-subsidized AI add-on devices could be made available, like [these](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coupon-eligible_converter_box).","I wouldn't even be surprised if car companies offered some kind of low-income financial aid, similar to how pharmaceutical companies offer aid for medicines that treat chronic illnesses. It would attract buyers so they don't go to competing car companies. Get a customer that way and they'd be a customer for life.","Unless you're being sarcastic, I don't think you really understand how cars work.  ","Well, it'd be hard to over throw a tyrannical government with cars. So I can see why the don't care about that.","You're not going to do it with a few closet guns either.\n\nWe've moved well beyond the point to where any sort of militia is anything other than weird redneck circlejerk fantasy.","Tell that to the illiterate tribal farmers in Afghanistan or the sandal wearing Vietnamese.","What kind of gun is a closet gun? Is that like an assault gun? You don't know shit I know that much. You're either a moron or on the clock.","THANK YOU. Everybody seems oblivious that that's the point we're trying to make.","Great news ! Has anyone had experience with insurance companies giving discounts to people who insure Tesla vehicles considering how much safer they are?   I wonder how competitive Tesla could be with insurance companies if they offered vehicle insurance rates based on their customers driving habits and how often they are in autopilot mode?","Unless, somehow, the procedure to make organs turns out to be very safe. Then you've essentially monopolized organ growing for no real reason other than fear. Only huge corporations can afford to enter that market and they'll start seeking rent and do questionable things not directly related to the product. That's basically what happened with GMO. ","Making food should be really simple and yet we have relatively frequent food contamination issues, some of them quite calculated (consider the melamine-in-milk incidents in China). I can't see what magic is going to ensure that organ growing can never go wrong. Not only will companies need to do good QC, but there will need to be some sort of cost for gross malfeasance. \n\nConsider an analogy with vaccines, we definitely should be thankful we have vaccines but that doesn't mean we shouldn't be very careful not only to vet each type of vaccine but also to monitor the supply chain and enforce rules about how vaccines are handled","They are abortion factories. Are you saying that they aren't? \n\nPro-abortion people confuse me with their arguments sometimes. It's a much stronger argument to openly admit they are abortion factories yet claim that's nothing to be defunded. Instead you implicitly make the ludicrous claim that PP isn't an abortion factory. ","Are there autodrive insurance discounts yet. ","Especially with tesla's huge brakes. Looked at a model s it was cool","I mean in fairness, it's not like anti-vaxxers are actually powerful enough to hamper everyone else's access to vaccines.","They don't need to hamper everyone else's access as long as they can convince enough people in a community to opt out of vaccines that it compromises herd immunity","Lol.  We'll be lucky to have the current roads with the way our infrastructure is aging.","Even so, they would have far more accidents than AI assisted drivers. I doubt insurance companies would miss having to pay for an accident at all, and if they can start charging normal drivers more they can get more people to switch, thereby making themselves more money.","That's not how it works.  They charge premiums to cover losses.  If losses are lower than they are at present, premiums will be lower, too.","If you think they aren't going to try and make as much money as possible in the meantime, I have abridge to sell you...","Auto insurance is a very competitive business.  Many auto insurers aren't making money today.  If they could make as much as possible at all times, they'd be doing it now, too. \n\nhttp://www.carriermanagement.com/news/2014/05/05/122524.htm","And in step 1 of you source's answer to the problem of autonomous vehicles: [Link](http://www.carriermanagement.com/features/2016/03/25/152522.htm?bypass=4cfc0d908f6b278141738ed81a4278f0)\n\n&gt; As liability shifts, insurers must seize the opportunity to provide new products, including coverage that applies when humans disengage autonomous features or where traditional and driverless vehicles share the road.","Your cutting and pasting skills are first-rate.  I don't think it affects the discussion of how insurers set premiums, though.  ","Why thank you.\n\nI suppose we will just have to wait and see how insurance premiums play out in the future.","You seem to have forgotten that insurance is competitive. Surely you've seen the ads everywhere.","I don't doubt they will be. But don't premiums rise for 'dangerous drivers' (I.e. the ones who have been in accidents) already? Who's to say that, as assisted driving becomes the norm, that regular drivers will be seen as hazardous? Such a viewpoint would be all an insurance company needs to raise rates on someone who is increasingly 'at risk' as far less riskier options become available.","Relative danger is irrelevant. Absolute danger is what matters. Dangerous drivers in the future who don't have AI assistance will be less dangerous because those around them will be better able to avoid them.","This logic is absurd.\n\nNon-AI drivers would not be riskier, and they would likely be less risky to insure thanks to those around them.","That's our mentality lol, instead of actually teaching people how to drive properly we replace them with robots.\n\nDriver's ED and the driving test in America is a complete joke. I remember taking mine at 16 and only had to drive around a block, turn left, and she gave me my license. Then I was released out in the world. How safe does that sound?","You cannot possibly expect to have a high quality of drivers if everyone by the nature of city planning *must* drive.\n\nTrying to make any aspect of driving more stringent would result in colossal backlash from all the parents who legitimately cannot fathom their kids not being allowed to drive.\n\nMaking those cars automated means we never have to deal with the fact homo sapiens on average is ill equipped to pilot tons of steel at over three times their theoretical maximum speed.","Get of your high anti-religious horse. ","Anti religious is deserved ","Don't understand the \"those who like it\" argument. DO we let people drive tanks and fly fighter jets \"because they like it\"? No, we have strict licensing and regulations around where and when they can do it.\n\nCars will be the same. Start by ratcheting up the requirements for a license, then the places where you're allowed to drive manually (probably no highways at first, then no city centres, and so on).\n\nYour love to race around doesn't come before my daughter's right to cross the road in safety.","If they make highway driving automated then I damn well better be going 100mph. ","Yeah, this is the main benefit, going faster. If you banned manual driving on the highway, you could go 100, maybe even 120. Imagine shaving more than a third off long distance commutes. ","probably wont due to gas consumption. You could just watch a movie on, though.","Car companies base their gear ratios off of highway speed limits. Once those limits change, you'll see a change in the gear ratios of cars produced and a greater emphasis on aerodynamics to provide better mpg. and besides, near future, electric cars will trump and not everyone uses a full charge on their daily commute.","Leisure is a part of the human condition. Since driving is such an inherent aspect of our lives, I think its best to transition by allowing us to maintain that freedom, and only limit it when it compromises safety.\n\n It's best to make technology revolve around human nature, not the other way around.","&gt; and only limit it when it compromises safety.\n\nWhen does it not?","You're speaking from a position where you have been used to manual cars your entire life.\n\nOnce children grow up with self-driving cars, they will look at people with your mindset as being crazy and out of date. It's the same mindset people had when cars first came out. Why buy a car that needs gas, just use a horse! It's much more fun and leisurely!","Meh. Your Metaphor or Comparison is a bit crap for many reasons. But I agree with you.\nFuture generations will most likely think of all the driving we did as stupid and outdated and a very very time-wasting activity. To them, Car time will be some seriously productive time. \n\nThe amount of time, and life we waste driving is insane. I am looking forward to the day i don't have to do it anymore.","What about having \"racing\" tracks? I'm sure they would become more popular.","They have them now. Some people go, the majority don't.","I bet that will happen. And also VR racing with force feedback.","This is completely different... A horse goes like 15kmh when a car goes 100kmh. It's simply far more economical and faster. Self-driving cars we're just talking about getting to read or work while commuting - which shitloads of people do these days on things called trains and buses. It's not doing transit a whole lot of favours as a selling point of either. People like driving. It is literally nothing like the switch to cars from horses. Also, riding horses around is not leisurely and it tears your ass up and makes you bow legged. God damnit your comparison was so bad I am mad at you.\n\nAlso, horses are still fucking legal. We are talking about making user-driven cars *illegal*. Everyone is still allowed to ride horses. I mean, the landscape isn't particularly conducive for parking and caring for them anymore; but they are still legal. Your comparison was total shit. Serious garbage.\n\nI drive everyday, I like driving, I would definitely opt for an automated driving world so I could read or work while in the car instead of wasting time. That said, I would still want to go off roading in my jeep.\n\nAll that said, your comparison was still completely horrible even though I agree with you. God it was like what a 12 year old boy would say.","Wow that was a little strong.","I think you are right. Horsemanship used to be a big thing and was prized as a skill and for leisure (for those who could afford it).","&gt;Since driving is such an inherent aspect of our lives,\n\nThat's probably what all the people travelling by horse  and carriage  said a 100 years ago.","Great, with all that regulation and cost I guess the peasants will return to riding horses","There are a lot of weird needs with driving. My personal car, I could probably get away with using ai all the time. Go to place, drop me off at place, park, or some order like that. \n\nHowever, my band has a van and we play weird venues here and there where parking / load in can get really sketchy so we'd need to have a way to disengage the ai at a point. ","That's an edge case I hadn't thought of before. Or somebody pulling a tree stump out of the ground with their pickup truck, or any other situation where you might need to do very precise maneuvers off the normal road. Once we get to level 4 automation, will you be able to tell your van to drive up onto a curb in the alley-way behind the venue in exactly the right spot?","Have you looked into getting an aftermarket backup camera for the van, assuming it doesn't have one? ","Backing up the van isn't an issue, it's getting the load in area correct  ","Yeah, I've never quite understood the \"we need to restrict it to 100% automation\" argument. Entertainingly, I generally hear it the most from people that would need manual overrides the most - driving around a field with trees and fences or what have you, parking in places where the typical rules of the road just don't work, etc.","You can't really think that google hasn't thought of this issue and are not already working on making a non issue somehow?","Oh, I'm sure they're working on solutions to the issues they've thought of... But have you encountered all the possible scenarios in driving? What if we include all your coworkers? There are likely situations I've encountered that no one at Google ever has, just as there are situations they've encountered that I haven't. \n\nExpecting technology to have 100% of the answers is a little naive: sensors fail, software has glitches, and at the end if the day, it's all designed by humans which are fallible. We do what we can to make our software meet every need it's designed for, but to think that we can perfectly capture every edge case is just wrong. I'm not saying we don't use the tech as much as possible, I'm just saying there will, absolutely, be situations that no catch-all software solution will be able to handle. ","&gt; We do what we can to make our software meet every need it's designed for, but to think that we can perfectly capture every edge case is just wrong.\n\nHow is off road driving \"edgy case\"?  It's literally a thing that a fair number of people do everyday.\n\nPeople said the same shit about SDC's driving in snow until the video of them driving the snow.  This subreddit used to be full of people spouting off about how the found the nail in the coffin(snow) that they forget to think of(google).\n","It's one example of things that a large number of people never do, not the nail in the coffin.  My entire point is that driving is incredibly complex, and as a result, there will, *absolutely*, be things that no developer in the world thinks to account for.  There will be things that they have *no idea* are even done on the road.  As I've already said, I'm not saying we don't use the tech as much as possible - make it difficult to turn off, sure; just don't make it impossible to turn off.\n\nCase in point: smart passenger seat belts on cars these days detect when someone is sitting in the chair and flashes a \"put on your seat belt\" light with audible tone.  Not a particularly advanced idea, right? Apparently not: if I want to put my bag, or groceries, or anything semi-heavy, in the seat next to me, I have to buckle the seat belt or else I get to hear an annoying bonging noise every minute for the entire drive home.\n\nThis is just a seat belt with passenger detection sensors.  Very, very, simple compared to driving the entire vehicle; and yet it's still wrong on a very common use case, because... again... developers are fallible humans, and will not, and cannot, think of every use that the 7 billion people on the planet have for their tech.","&gt; My entire point is that driving is incredibly complex, and as a result, there will, absolutely, be things that no developer in the world thinks to account for.\n\nWhen I said \"you dont think they thought about this\", I was specifically talking about off road driving.  Your point may stand with everything else but to think they hadn't thought about off road driving is silly.\n\nI was not being general with this thought.\n\nEdit:I was in no way implying that they thought of everything, just off road driving.  People seem to have an issue differentiating a single sentence to an entire ideology.","What I said was: \n\n&gt;Entertainingly, I generally hear it the most from people that would need manual overrides the most - driving around a field with trees and fences or what have you, parking in places where the typical rules of the road just don't work, etc.\n\nI didn't say I don't think the developers have thought about off-road driving at all, but that the people who - in my experience - are typically saying we need 100% automation are also typically the people that have the most unusual cases where automation likely will not work (short of mind reading, at which point it's just a different kind of manual control).  Yeah, the devs have probably covered *most* off-road driving scenarios, but they almost definitely haven't covered all, and if they think they have, it's likely so generic it simply won't work for specific situations (\"I really need to get the car another 3 inches to have enough clearance in back\" \"But there's an obstruction in the way\" \"It's a few willow branches hanging down, just touch them\" \"No\").","Like the people who said \"this will never work in the snow\" were wrong, I think your examples are also going to be proven wrong.  I absolutely think they have thought about your examples the same I thought they were working on snow travel.\n\nEdit:Teslas cars can park themselves in a garage with no interaction.  I dont see how it would have an issue parking by a tree in a field.","&gt;Your love to race around doesn't come before my daughter's right to cross the road in safety.\n\nThis is great and all until these heavily automated systems are hacked. We cannot even keep our military or corporate systems safe with multimillion dollar security procedures. How the heck do we keep closed sourced vehicles that will see updates maybe once a year when they go to the dealer secure? Sorry but I am staying with my manually driver non computer reliant cars.  ","Remember that reporter who's newer Mercedes just happened to accelerate and not brake hours after he confided in a peer that he had a big story about the feds?","This is exactly why i will stay with my old 'unsafe' manually controlled car. I drive defensivly and safely, and ill take the risk of getting into an accident over giving the figurative keys of my car over to any centralized group. There are just too many risks","Argument of fear and ignorance. \n\nThe annual damage from human drivers will always far, far outweigh any potential \"hacking\". Your odds of turning a corner and a person hitting you will always be higher than getting hacked.","&gt;Argument of fear and ignorance.\n\nNo, actually argument from an IT Tech who at least partially knows what they are talking about. Every day there are reports of someone getting hacked. Most of these are critical issues but there are backups in place to mitigate them. There are no backups in place that can protect us from some chinese asshole putting malware into a quarter of a million vehicles. This isnt just an issue of net some asshole script kiddie messing with someone and causing a three car pileup. This is an issue of a foreign nation of terrorist group causing wide scale issues. \n\nIm sorry but i am of the firm beleif that better education and training will be safer in the long run than SDC's until we get better security. ","Yeah. But if you are a IT tech then you also probably know that nothing will ever be 100% secure. Its basically impossible to do that.\n\nSo, when its impossible to be secure then maybe we should not be limiting our success as a society waiting for it. Might as well save as many lives. ","I know its impossible to 100% garuntee security. but there are some good steps that can be taken like making the systems that run these cars open source. if that was to happen i would be much more open to the technology but as it stands i dont beleive it to be worth the risk. ","Fair enough. Its mostly two person's opinion.\nAlso, having the software be open source does not mean that it is more secure. Good proprietary software is as secure as good open source software and bad proprietary software is not at all secure and same for open source software.\n\nOpen Source also means that its easier or a hacker to look at it and find a exploit. \n\nAt the end of the day, its impossible to be 100% secure but its possible to be 90% secure and save thousands of lives. I would choose the thousands of live part. :P","I agree that open source is not a sure fire way to keep security, i would trust the hundreds of eyes whom would look over the software over the handful of techs whom would see the closed source solutions. \n\nAnother very big issue i have though is that once you do this its inevitable that our own government will also get involved and that is another big can off worms of liberty vs safety that I just cannot justify cost vs benefit on. Regardless of what happens i hope we dont rush this as fast as some push for without discussing these issues. ","Agreed on the discussion. However, the benefits are huge and if we can all somehow can work this shit out then its gonna save thousands of lives. Hopefully , humans don't fuck this up as well. ","You are what we call a totalitarian. Understand this though: as you surtender all your rights, it will no longer be up to you when you soend time with your daughter, the state or whoever they delegate it to will decide what's best. You won't even be allowed to have a daughter if it's not deemed necessary.","This has nothing to do with totalitarianism.\n\nIf the technology for self-driving cars develops further, there is absolutely no logical reason to maintain human drivers. None. If every car was self-driving, traffic would be non-existent. Road deaths would be virtually zero. Drunk driving would be zero. Fuel efficiency would go up. Travelling speeds would go up. Road maintenance would go down. Travel times would go down. Productivity would go up. Product distribution costs would go down.\n\nIt would save BILLIONS every single year. All it takes is a small amount of human drivers to ruin that.\n\n\n\nAlso, nice slippery slope and strawman.","some people find driving fun","They can do it at a track, the same as the people who enjoy riding horses. Or compromise, and have tougher tests for manual driving, and if you are reckless you lose that license and have to use autopilot.","why there's thousands of miles of open road to enjoy for free","I thought this [had already been answered in this thread.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_traffic-related_death_rate)","this doesn't change anything regarding driving being fun","Drunk driving / driving while high is probably even more fun I'm sure (I know driving in GTA is more hilarious anyway)... doesn't mean we shouldn't make laws to curb the human suffering it causes.","yes lets penalise people who enjoy cars because those who drink drive\n\nand by that logic surely sports should be all automated due to sporting related deaths ","&gt; the same as the people who enjoy riding horses.\n\nJust an FYI, horses are legal on most non-Interstate Highways.  So if you're going that route, then you're arguing against what you're saying.  You'll even still find them used in parts of the nation.","And you, for one, welcome your new machine overlords. \n\nThing is, you're wrong. Traffic is just a function of the amount of vehicles and the flow capacity of the road system. Road deaths would most certainly not be zero. Contrary to popular belief, mechanical failure and unpredictable road conditions are to blame for a good number of accidents. Fuel efficiency and travelling speed cannot go up at the same time for obvious reasons, i.e. laws of physics. \n\nYou're buying into this hook, line and sinker with nothing behind it but a statistic the makers of the product have pulled out of their arses. \n\nBut even if I grant you all that you claim, the fact remains that you're of the opinion that humans are not to be trusted with making decisions. Some higher authority, in this case machines, must make them for them. You'd give up your freedom to move as you please for the security you think you'll get. Wouldn't we be healthier if some computer decided on our diet? Wouldn't it be more efficient if we were assigned jobs by a sorting hat?\n\nSlippery slope? It's only a fallacy if what I propose doesn't follow from the argument that's being made. In this case, it does. \n\n","There is (in the US at least) no such thing as a right to safety.","Yes. We do. And we are people completely different than you in almost every way. We can't wait for people like you to get automated cars so you will stop doing dumb, unpredictable, dangerous shit on our roads and we can finally enjoy driving again. ","I don't think the requirements for a license will need to be changed.\n\nOnce fully driverless cars become reality, vehicle insurance premiums for human-driven cars will start going up gradually. (Medical insurance premiums will go up next and standard policies will not cover accidents if you were driving.) \n\nBy the time the existing cars get phased out, only someone really motivated or super rich would even opt for self-driven cars.\n\nAnd with every passing year, each crash of a human driven car will be a bigger percentage of all accidents... and since the vast majority aren't driving those kind of cars, it'll be easier to force them off the road.","Except any fallibility at all in self driving cars decision making and your argument falls apart\n\nThe only way anything you just said happens is if the federal government mandates it. And it won't happen in our lifetime\n\nYou think anyone outside urban America is going to give up control of their vehicle to something that doesn't have a perfect track record? \n\nIs that a fucking joke? There are vast swathes of this country where most carriers have no signal. Just imagine the problems with updates. It will be terrible ","&gt; Except any fallibility at all in self driving cars decision making and your argument falls apart\n\nNot really, just need to be better than human drivers on average (not a high bar).\n\n&gt; The only way anything you just said happens is if the federal government mandates it. And it won't happen in our lifetime\n\nWanna bet? I'm assuming mandated automatic control of vehicles in cities by ~2030-40\n\n&gt; You think anyone outside urban America is going to give up control of their vehicle to something that doesn't have a perfect track record? \n\nGo to the bar, get hammered, car drives you home. It's not difficult to make the case to the average Trump voter.","No it doesn't, i don't understand why kids on the internet think that.\n\nNo one in rural America is giong to give up control of their vehicle without some one with a gun coming to take it away. This is the thing that will save you from Tornadoes, get you out of blizzards, and needs to be able to go off the road. Automated vehicles will not meet those requirements in my lifetime. \n\nAnd it does have to be perfect, if driving remains anywhere near as dangerous it's not going to happen. We might see automated trucks in special lanes in the coming decades, it won't be in our lifetimes for families though. \n\nDipshits driving on salted roads may believe this is the future, those of us who have left urban America more than a few times know better. ","&gt; No one in rural America is giong to give up control of their vehicle without some one with a gun coming to take it away.\n\nWhy is it 'rural america' is always \"I'm not going to change, and I'll use small arms if you try to make me\"?\n\nAs I said, I expect the will allow manual driving as an option for offroad locations for quite a while, but in the cities and suburbs it will change quite quickly, because the advantages. That, of course, will make it difficult for rural folk as the model shifts from personal ownership manual vehicles to buy-a-service automated vehicles - volumes will go down and prices up.\n\nPS don't forget where this whole thing comes from - it was the Darpa challenge for self-drive offroad vehicles and warzone logistics. Navigating american rural backroads would be quite solvable (probably more so than suburban ones).","Because the needs of rural America are often different than urban Americans?\n\nMany rural Americans don't live within a 5 minute drive a police station, so they like guns\n\nMany rural Americans know how absurd it would be for them to have to buy an automated vehicle when none of their roads will be automated. So they bitch\n\nAnd on a whole litany of other issues that rural Americans have no problem with. Cars cause smog? Not when you live int he middle of nowhere\n\nHave you ever even driven on a dirt road? lol. We're one of the most sparsely populated places in the developed world. ","You don't need \"roads to be automated\" in order to use an automated car.   The automated cars on the roads now are designed to be driven on normal roads, no need for special automated roads.\n\nIf anything, one lane or two lane country roads are likely to be easier for automated cars then driving in urban situations.","&gt; Have you ever even driven on a dirt road? lol. We're one of the most sparsely populated places in the developed world. \n\nYes I've driven on american dirt roads. I've also driven on dirt tracks in Australia (and along the beach, but that's another matter) and I can confidently say that the US ones are much more forgiving, wide, and maintained. As for population density? I would confidently say that outback Australia has lower population density than the rural US.\n","That's not how you calculate population density\n\nAnd most of Australia is uninhabitable. All of America is very habitable (edit - except the deserts maybe)\n\nCanada is empty too, it's a frozen shit hole. Fields cover most of our land, we sit on the largest contiguous piece fo arable land on the planet. \n\nhttps://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_U.S._states_by_population_density\n\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demographics_of_Australia#Population_density\n\nAustralias outback is empty, Americas outback is no longer an outback because farmers cover it\n\n","&gt; Australias outback is empty\n\nhttp://dfat.gov.au/about-us/publications/trade-investment/feeding-future/PublishingImages/Map_Land_Use.jpg\n\nMajority of Australian land is under some kind of use (if only grazing). That's why there are individual stations that are larger than israel.\n\nAnd the point is that rural Australia has a much lower population density than rural US. Even alaska's population density is 0.5 per km²; outback Australia's population density is ~0.015 per km². \n\nThat means that even small distances outside the main cities you can hit dirt tracks more rural than just about anything in the US, and further out even 'tourist' tracks like the infamous [Canning Stock route](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canning_Stock_Route) need substantial planning, a convoy, and a 4 wheel drive with winch.\n\nAll of which doesn't affect the uptake of autonomous vehicles at all, since the vast majority of road journeys are still urban/suburban with asphalt and traffic lights. \n","http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SP.URB.TOTL.IN.ZS\n\n89% of the Australian population lives in urban areas, 81% in America\n\nAnd we have massive mega cities which skew the numbers\n\nAmerica is covered in rural communities, Australia is not\n\nOther than Alaska basically ever inch of this country is populated","What happens if the AI is tampered by some crazy ex who wants to kill you or some criminal who wants to sue?","Whenever I see people being out academic definitions to support their argument I have a chuckle. ","We appear to be closing the gap on that one. I wonder what an AI gun will look like? Will it kill who you think you are or the actual you I wonder?","I'm not an expert and this is my wild conjecture based on nothing. Upvoted! ","Isn't this how fighter jets already work?","Ralph Nader would like a word with you.  You are spouting complete bullshit.  Virtually nothing has ever been spent on making guns safer.  Hundreds of billions have been spent on both improving automobiles and the roads they drive on.","I can see it being a requirement that all cars from X point onwards have mandatory AI - but I think manual driving will still be around for a long time, there's too many enthusiasts and too many classics that are being nurtured and driven carefully on the roads.\n    \nI can see it being a form of punishment as well though, similar to breathalyzer locks on DUI repeat offenders - if you have more than X number of at fault accidents, your licence gets restricted to \"AI only\", unable to drive unassisted. ","4 hour drives i can sleep thru finally!","I hope Tesla moves into commercial vehicles  the things I've seen some human drivers do with 40 tones of moving death make me ashamed of still having a CDL. \n\nLong term we would be better if we revamped the entire interstate system to handle super heavy shipping likes a slaved automated second trailer. It's better to have a single quality driver responsible for moving 80 tones or more with an electric powered behemoth than millions of low quality drivers that are inundating the industry  in an attempt to reduce cost/wages.","[deleted]","Um, \"Christians\" already AREN'T against it.  So what is your *rational argument* that they would be other than snide insults?\n\nAmazing how little you seem to value information.","Stem cell research? Christian groups have already been against it and has blocked a lot of research and don't forget cloning. How is cloning organs different from the cloning they already are against?","You don't have to abort a baby to get them.  I don't see it this way, but to them it looks little different than killing a bunch of children and farming their organs to sell to strangers.\n\nBesides, most of the advances made in the last decade or so have been via adult stem cells, despite the claims that stem cells from abortions were superior and necessary.\n\nTurns out using your own cells induced to plenipotentiary is more advantageous than someone else's cells being in that state by default.","Christians are not against stem cell research.  Christians are against killing embryos, which are biologically unique human beings, to do it.  Stem cell research has nothing to do with it, the source of the stem cells does.  The majority of stem cell research, and most stem cell therapies, do not use embryonic stem cells.  As far as Christians are concerned, using embri\n\n&gt;How is cloning organs different from the cloning  they already are against?\n\nI don't think you understand the rather significant difference people, and by no means just Christians, see between  cloning human beings and culturing cells.  \n","&gt; The Washington-based Family Research Council, a conservative think tank and lobbying group, opposes all cloning regardless of its purpose. A bill to that effect has been proposed by the current House, but not the Senate, said David Prentice, senior fellow for life sciences at the Family Research Council.\n\nQuote from a 2014 article http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2014/04/19/cloning-stem-cell/7887719/\n\nThere's certainly opposition stem cell research and all types of cloning including organs","That doesn't refute anything I posted.  You act like it's surprising that a religious group opposes human cloning.  No shit Sherlock.","[deleted]","You think every day adipose or bone marrow tissue harvesting is to create a human embryo to extract stem cells?   What in the world.\n\nAlright buddy, pretty clear you have no idea what you're talking about.\n\n","You do not really know enough about stem cell research to be having this argument bud.","When self-serving corporate statements are taken at face value without a hint of skepticism from either journalists or the public the marketeers have done their job.","Insurance companies will find a way. They always do. ","This makes absolutely no sense without further explanation, which I have never seen in any forum.\n\nInsurance companies aren't in the business of moralizing or jerking off in /r/futurology threads.\n\nAutomated driving tools would reduce the driving risks for everyone, including those who don't have them. There is no good reason at this point to think that anyone's rates will go up because of such aides.","I may have been exaggerating a little, but my point stands. [This article](http://www.carriermanagement.com/features/2016/03/25/152522.htm?bypass=4cfc0d908f6b278141738ed81a4278f0) points out some of the things insurance companies are likely to do once autonomous vehicles are the norm.\n\n&gt;Down the road, as these features become standard, the laws will evolve to provide mandatory discounts for these new technologies. Insurers that can provide discounts ahead of their competitors will get an advantage while the law catches up.\n\nSo rates will not spike, but will likely be lower for AI assisted vehicles. Initially. Eventually, people will catch on to the fact that they, as individuals, don't even really need the vehicle insurance because they aren't likely to ever be in an accident, and even if they are, they almost certainly won't be blamed for it\n\n&gt; In addition, regulations concerning surcharges on policies where payment for at-fault accidents exceeds a pre-approved threshold, or the insured receives multiple traffic violations, are also likely to be amended as the vehicle, not the driver, causes more accidents.\n\n So laws are likely to change toward removing the requirement of having auto insurance for drivers at all.\n\nThat leaves you with auto Insurance companies with shrinking income. Their only 'at risk' drivers are the ones who still cling to unassisted driving. They would be well within their rights to increase rates for these possibly dangerous drivers, no matter what their driving record may look like. Which leaves us with this:\n\n&gt; As liability shifts, insurers must seize the opportunity to provide new products, including coverage that applies when humans disengage autonomous features or where traditional and driverless vehicles share the road.\n\nWhich I believe eventually equates a rate hike.","None of that suggests that rates will generally increase for those who do not have automated cars or the like.\n\n1. Insurance is competitive.\n\n2. Lower risk means lower premiums.\n\n3. Overall, rates will decline. That will be true for those who have self-driving cars and those who don't.\n\nThe only upward pressure will be the additional insured value (and repair cost) of cars with self-driving features. But that factor is highly unlikely to outweigh the safety improvements.\n\n&gt;&gt; As liability shifts, insurers must seize the opportunity to provide new products, including coverage that applies when humans disengage autonomous features or where traditional and driverless vehicles share the road.\n\n&gt; Which I believe eventually equates a rate hike.\n\nI disagree. That's the sort of insurance that's provided right now. So instead of having that sort of insurance cover 100% of driving, it might cover 10% of driving. That leads to a rate decrease, not an increase.","&gt;So instead of having that sort of insurance cover 100% of driving, it might cover 10% of driving. That leads to a rate decrease, not an increase.\n\nWouldn't they then suffer from diminished economies of scale? If their customer base becomes 1/10th of what it once was, the cost to maintain their infrastructure is going to represent a larger percentage of their revenue unless rates are raised to compensate.","Only four? Wow you guys need gun reform. ","I dream of a day that when someone says \"I am going to go for a drive\", they mean on a racetrack or some other controlled course, rather than on a road with other people.\n\nIt's the same transition with horses.  People used to ride them everywhere, and I am sure some people were pissed because \"the government wanted to take away their ability to ride horses\", so those people just set up horse tracks to ride their horses.","I think it's an awesome idea. Computers can make so many decisions in a fraction of a second...","here are some interesting stats posted on /r/dataisbeautiful http://www.citymetric.com/horizons/streets-bucharest-how-road-behaviour-correlates-trust-government-2015","Eli5 if there is a satellite that's plunging a half second off; what is the fail safe of these systems. Would an entire freeway suddenly start to drive off road? Or did they even consider miscalibration?\n\nI just see an entire freeway suddenly driving off road in such an incident...","&gt; Eli5 if there is a satellite that's plunging a half second off\n\nW0t?\n\n&gt; Would an entire freeway suddenly start to drive off road? \n\nTesla's autopilot primarily uses camera's.","Yes but the destination data relies on GPS. \n\nSatellite ping vehicles and the timing depicts the locations of the targets. If the system is slightly off calibration, then the vehicle is too. \nIs there a failsafe designed in the system that provides adequate protection to the users in these events?","Car still relies on cameras and radars to navigate immediate surroundings. It does not decide routes for you. You even have to turn the signal light on if you want to switch lanes. Atm, car only maintains the lane position, set speed limits and distance from other cars and makes safe lane switches on your demand.","And 1/3 of these fatalities are from alcohol. Driving is not inherently dangerous.","AI from these manufacturers has collective intelligence.  that is, all the data from driving gets reported back to the central system, which then adapts and updates the software on all the computers.\n\nthe result is that every single AI car now has significantly more driving experience than literally each human alive.  it's only a matter of time before a single AI car has more driving experience than ALL humans alive combined, and within a few years, a single AI car will have more driving experience than ALL humans that have ever driven, combined.\n\nit's easy to see how badly humans are becoming obsolete.","No they won't we don't need fetuses to grow them anymore.","Not necessarily - as long as cars are semi-autonomous (ie. some sort of switchable system) there will be risk involved in those cars - I have no doubt there will be a *huge* number of drivers claiming \"all my driving aids were switched on when I mounted the pavement!\" and the insurance companies having to pay out.\n\nA bigger factor is the frequency of the accidents - in a world where accidents are almost non-existent, premiums should plummet, since there are fewer costs to cover (assuming that the remaining drivers are those who are above average in driver skill).","Claiming that a feature was on is easily disproven.  The telemetry systems in vehicles track changes to nearly every system and often store information when a collision is detected.  Cops and insurance companies will be very quick to point that out should one lie about aids being switched on/off.","ah nice, didn't realise it was all recorded - that should further reduce premiums, since insurance fraud is a good way to get cover declined.\n\n","Easily verified with about 45 seconds of reviewing the cars post incident telemetry.","I doubt numbers will be huge. It'll all be monitored/recorded. They'll be able to check. ","&gt; without constant 'hands-on' \n\nnope. tesla states hands on the steering wheel","You took him out of context and completely changed the meaning. His next word was \"control\". Tesla does *not* require constant hands-on control, but it does require that your hands are on the steering wheel (without controlling the car at all). Conrolling the car vs not controlling the car is an *enormous* difference.\n","The term autopilot does not imply autonomous....planes(most) have autopilot and are not autonomous.","This is because it takes 50% of drivers involved out of the equation. It will never cause an accident....but you might.","The autopilot is a great tool but I think the statistics that Musk is using to back up his statement is including all cars and not just higher end Tesla equivalents.  You aren't riding some guys bumper with a car you waited to receive for two years, you generally aren't completely fucked in the head if you can afford a 70,000+ car, and if you have a daily commute you aren't taking the Tesla on days with severe inclement weather.  I think if you looked at who was actually driving a Tesla vs who was driving a Civic the percentages would show a safer driver in the Tesla for demographic reasons. \n","I know I might get down voted but I don't think everything Elon musk says is backed by actual data, I think this would be a non story if musk didn't throw in his opinion. Which is saddening.","I don't even like driving an automatic vehicle, this is way too much for me.","Fervor declines","But you repeat yourself.","Fervor declines","But only if you can open the doors first. ","Don't you remember that part in the Bible where Jesus talks in detail about bioethics? It's right after the part where he talks about lowering taxes on multinational corporations.","Cool, but one should always wait for independent verification on company claims on company produced reports.","How this is different:  there isn't anything in the bible about automated cars.  Jesus is indifferent. \n\nWhy the analogy doesn't work:  see above. \n\n","When they can make their cars stop locking their owners out, I'll gve their safety claims some credence.","Road accidents are a huge concern. But fatalities from them have been dropping rapidly due largely to advancements in crumple zones. Every time I see someone wanting to fund something to reduce car accidents I remember that suicide kills more people than car wrecks per year. Not saying car safety doesn't need to happen, I just wish there were more emphasis on suicide awareness and prevention. ","What if i want to drive my 70s shit box?\n","This is where self-preserving robots start. ","&gt; yet again separation of church and state will somehow be forgotten.\n\nThere is no such thing.  I wish people would stop using that as a crutch for their arguments.  There is a very clear difference between legislating religion and allowing religion to co-exist within government.  \n\nI personally would prefer that religion have no impact on our government but to demand that would be silly and nothing in the Constitution requires its absence either. \n\nNote: The term \"Separation between (or of) church and state\" was coined by Jefferson.  It appears in no legal framework for the United States of America.","Aren't you required to hold onto the wheel by law?","that would vary state by state based on how they word the law(s).\n\nSome might say you \"must maintain control of the vehicle at all times\" which says nothing about hands on a wheel.\n\nSome might say you must have \"one hand on the steering wheel at all times\". Note it doesn't say you must have a firm grip on it, just has to touch. Some do autopilot with one hand barely touching the wheel with their arm propped so that it's comfortable.\n\nI'm not a lawyer so I don't have access to a legal database to search for the comparison on this for all 50 states.\n\nBut the laws generally allow for moving your hands to control HVAC, radio, turn signals, etcetera so long as you drive safely and since the car is doing the driving I think you can argue it is doing so safely even if you have one hand on a soda and the other on the armrest but ready to grab the wheel.\n\n\n\n","Sure, that'll happen in regions. The US is going to fracture quite a bit on many lines. Planned parenthoods are abortion factories, nothing is wrong with en mass first trimester abortions but after that it gets dodgy.\n\nBetter to brutally murder a fetus then let it go hungry I'd say.","Pretty disappointed, I would have believed it would have been more than that.\n\nBut when you think about it, an AI can't really do anything about other drivers' bad behavior, so actually, if every car was an AI, maybe it would be 100%.","&gt; AI can't really do anything about other drivers' bad behavior\n\nYes it can. It can simultaneously track more vehicles than a human can, and react much faster to some of the unexpected situation. \n\nSure, it might not prevent another driver from intentionally ramming you, but might avoid an accident by reacting faster in common scenarios, such as a bad driver cutting you off without signaling.","Dude, it's only been public for barely a year. It's not even a full autonomy suite.  I think that so far it's doing pretty good for how long it's been on the roads and for how few sensors it has. ","[removed]","But you would mindlessly parrot a hackneyed meme in an inapt situation.","USA will just become third world country then. ","Why would you expect that? The roads will inevitably be safer with a larger number of AI cars on the road. Based on the law of large numbers prices should decrease.","The competition is also a lot worse on this front for now. I suspect they'll catch up quickly though.","Even though I think self-driving cars will end up reducing accidents, I can't accept this claim at face value.\n\nThere's no way to do an objective retrospective study on self-driving car safety when self-driving functions are a novelty that is toggled on/off at will. Maybe people only turn on autopilot when they are alone on an open road and/or its a clear sunny day - when accident rates are reduced whether or not autopilot is on.\n\nThe best retrospective study I can think off the cuff is to compare accident rates by vehicle model - e.g. take a vehicle with autopilot as a feature, and a vehicle without autopilot as a feature (perhaps not made by tesla), and try to pick cars with similar owner demographics. This would, at least help, to answer the question of whether or not the *feature* of autopilot improves rider safety.","Musk also says that it's only exhaust is happiness and that it's interior actually makes drivers sexier.... no offense, I'll wait for trusted third-party data.","&gt; For example, you wouldn't have it on during bad weather.\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJ1KtANIjmc","\"Autopilot makes a great traffic companion, even when heavy traffic is caused by a little rain. But what happens when a little rain turns into a lot of rain? Autopilot would rather you do the work.\n\nOn a recent drive home, I noticed that the Autosteer feature of the Autopilot suite was not showing on the screen as an option on a stretch of highway where it is always available.\"\n\nhttp://www.teslarati.com/tesla-autopilot-limitations-heavy-rain/","And?\n\nAre you arguing that the weather in the video I linked is not \"bad\"?\n\nYes, it *could* get worse, but that's not what I'm talking about.","I am saying that autopilot is unavailable in the worst weather conditions.  Your observation that it works during some precipitation doesn't change that. ","What you said was:\n\n&gt;For example, you wouldn't have it on during bad weather.\n\n\nIf you meant something other than what you actually said, that's a different story.","If you want to win the Internet by trying to rigorously define the term \"bad weather\", then, by all means, go for it.\n\nI believe my point is clear, and my conclusion correct.  Quibble whether there exist alternative expressions of same concept that would be more precise as you see fit.  \n\nYou'll also note, since you're a stickler for pedantry, that I cited this as an example, not the entire basis of my point, which is that the times when autopilot is enabled are not necessarily representative of all times the vehicle is in operation.","I think it's going to go beyond \"superstitious\" people.  I suspect as we continue forward, there's going to be a division between people that begins to grow.  There will be those who want technology before everything, who want VR, who want AI, who want to live forever, and there will be those that just want a simple life, that believe we don't need any of this technology to be happy, that want the Earth to come before technology, that are okay with dying because they're \"spiritual\" or simply welcome it.  I think those will be the two political parties of the future.","How much data do they have? I mean, even with all the Teslas on the road, how many accidents are there to begin with that allow to express a change in accident probabilities?","You've missed one important factor- the potential bio-organ producer group will lobby with more money than the Christians.\n","[deleted]","Because the manufacturer has more responsibility for the safety of you and other people if the car is autonomous. \nDidn't even the Volvo CEO say that they take full responsibility when their cars are in autonomous mode... (i don't remember exactly) ? \n\nAnd to your analogy: Do you insure your home against accidents that could be caused by your home? Like can your home kill someone by accident? ","[deleted]","If problems with how the home was built possess danger to someone, yes the home builder is liable. GM is liable for the ignition issue. Likewise, if an error in the AI causes an accident, GM will be liable because the AI is part of what you buy. Now, if the point is that another AI could have prevented an accident the AI in question did not, i don't know if that will be actionable unless a bare minimum performance standard requirement for driving AIs is set.","Using your house metaphor - the architect, engineer and builder can each be held legally liable for several types of fault that can develop in a built structure, even if it does not become apparent for an extended period after completion of works. \n\nSorting out these liability issues can be a major source of delay in construction projects when there is a variation from the original plan during the build phase (source - I work in construction).\n\nThe vehicle manufacturer creates and implements the software that pilots the autonomous vehicle, and (depending on each state or nation's particular laws) can be held legally liable for software defects which negatively affect the vehicle's function.\n","Compared to cars guns are practically useless (outside warzones and similar places that do not exist in everyday society) so their death to utility ratio is still a lot higher.","They have political power as well. There is no denying that it puts a lot more power in the hands of the individual than a vote.","While it is true that a vote does not afford you the power to hole up in your house and get shot by the police as a gun nut I do not consider that an important kind of power in the big picture.","Why care about ratios instead of absolute numbers? When four families lose a loved one to car accidents for every one family that loses someone to gun violence, are the four families supposed to be comforted by the knowledge that their tragedies are just part of the cost of living in the modern world?","Why care about absolute numbers when not everyone who travels in an automobile also plays with guns?","Ask any such family if they expect the whole world to give up all transportation to reduce the risk of accidents to zero, I bet most of them would be in favour of keeping some transportation around. With guns it is much less clear that we couldn't live completely without guns.","The statistic is misleading because people generally only use  autopilot on highways because it doesn't function that well in other situations.    So if accidents generally happen close to home and not on highways then the statistic looses all meaning. ","Interesting idea. When your AI controlled car gets in an accident who will be at fault? The driver or the manufacturer? I know right now it's still the driver, but in the future that may change.\n\n","Hand over the video and data from the car and the manufacture will be able to tell if its human or AI error. AI error, manufacture pays... ","Removing women from the driver's seat would generate far better results","No its not the kind of thing where you can doze off. But you can take your feet off the pedals and your hands off the steering wheel.","It's technically in beta so you're supposed to pay attention and watch to see if you need to correct it. ","&gt; autopilot only works in safe driving areas\n\nte he he he\n","[deleted]","Teslas might not meet your criteria.  They won't autosteer in heavy rain, for example.  (And not in snow, of course.)\n\n\"Autopilot makes a great traffic companion, even when heavy traffic is caused by a little rain. But what happens when a little rain turns into a lot of rain? Autopilot would rather you do the work.\n\nOn a recent drive home, I noticed that the Autosteer feature of the Autopilot suite was not showing on the screen as an option on a stretch of highway where it is always available.\"\n\nhttp://www.teslarati.com/tesla-autopilot-limitations-heavy-rain/","Snowing. - https://youtu.be/JAa7iLn-erc\n\nHeavy rain - http://youtu.be/uJ1KtANIjmc\n\nWhile you're not 100% wrong, you're not 100% right. \n\nIt's always getting better. Here's a dude talking about it getting better. http://youtu.be/e5GWKLu36JU - while he's mostly referring to perfect weather, it's not unreasonable to infer that it's getting better in inclement weather as well. \n\n","This would be a quibble, right? \n\nMy point was it is unavailable in the worst weather, not that it is never available when there is any precipitation.","Of course it could, but it's unclear if Tesla's implementation is better in bad weather than a human counterpart. ","&gt; you just change the value of one parameter (maybe along the lines of \"road friction index\") and the car handles beautifully.\n\nUh no. A change in weather/road conditions means changes to pretty much every aspect of driving, not just one simple thing that can be countered with the flip of a switch. There are dozens of problems that might arise from bad weather conditions and the car simply knowing it has less friction than usual isn't going to avoid those problems. Not to mention humans being able to see and think is 100x more effective than the sensors they have in smart cars in some situations. A simple \"road friction index\" change isn't going to avoid patches of ice or massive puddles or any of the dozen other problems that might come up in bad weather.","I dont think its the detection of materials that would make an autonomous car a better driver, but rather the insane reaction speed and knowledge of physics and control of the car that would make it a better driver.\n\nObviously these sensors have their limitations, but for what is available now, im sure with experienced data analysis and created software, a program could easily be more efficient and safe.\n\nTime will tell of course, so lets all just hold on to our seatbelts and buy Teslas so Musk can afford the R&amp;D he deserves.","I didn't realize self-driving was as simple as changing one parameter here and there. Damn automakers, what are you doing?  We should have had it years ago. ","-Says the man who owns the company Tesla and relies on sales numbers using sentences like this headline. Where the fuck is he pulling these numbers from?","I'm not sure about that if Musk bought the system geohotz made then it could very well be used in good or bad weather.","Their system depends on being able to see road lines.  It won't work in snow. ","If it requires seeing road lines... I can see it failing at the worst times having driven on many highways..","It doesn't fail in the manner your thinking, I don't believe. It beeps and flashes telling you that the system needs YOU to take over driving since it's not seeing everything as well as it wants to","Assuming it can distinguish between \"not seeing everything I want to\" and \"I think I'm doing just fine\" (but actually isn't.) An input that's completely wrong, but still within normal limits may not be noticed by the AI.","The few videos I've seen of it, the system seemed to err on the side of caution in turning control back over to the user. \nYour point is good, but I do believe the instances of that occurring are pretty small. \nConsidering the potential of 50% reduction in accidents, if it makes a few mistakes here and there, i would have to reason that it is overall a much safer method.","I agree overall, I just think people are too quick to just assume that it will automatically handle every situation in an ideal way.\n\nAgain, the AI can't be cautious about something it is capable of recognizing.","The one I'm talking about is a bit different then. ","They cause autism in children. Obviously...","What's comical about that, is those same people would keep some \"alive\" when it comes to life support . If those machines didn't exist the person on life support would most likely be dead.","I am pretty sure there will be a lot of arguments and anyone thinking it will solely be on the \"right\" is kidding themselves.\n\nI mean no offense, I am \"conservative\" and while I have no problem with lab grown organs and I believe your argument that there might be some for those who are religious, I believe the most vigorous opposition will be from the same people against GMO's and they are most certainly not \"right\" leaning.\n\n\n","I think the industry will face quite the hit when it's cheaper and more convenient to just pay for a self driving Uber whenever you need to go somewhere. ","You could say this about a lot of stuff. Terrorism is one that comes into mind as well.","I wonder if cities would use these to replace public transit drivers?\n\n\nCab companies could completely ditch their work force except for some dude to clean the cars.\n\n\nShorter distance travel- not across the country or even half way but something like a 2 hour trip- could also chip into the profit margins for things like train companies and Greyhound bus. ","Companies having no incentive to retain customers might then reduce their incentive to provide good customer service.  ","There already is a very large disincentive in the fact that we are legally obligated to purchase the insurance. As long as that's in place the free market forces won't work in favor of the consumer.\n\nLooking at the case where in the near future self driving, automated avoidance technologies drastically reduce the incidence of collision, such that the cost being spread is much smaller I'd rather have government mandated rates, polices, and procedures adjusted to the minimum required overhead cost.\n\nOr regulate it more like how we regulate utilities.","Reddit is continually fascinated with the idea that markets will work better if the government only regulates them more.  Utilities still make profits, just fyi.","I think what's equally interesting is the notion that if you deregulate just a little more, the free market will fix everything.\n\nFree markets succumb to either collusion or monopoly. How well was bell telephone regulated when they became a monopoly? Would we have been better off if we hadn't broken them up? We deregulated banking and competition between banks got scarcer. We have a healthcare system that is one of the last market based ones, but costs much more and hasn't had the top patient outcomes for some time now.\n\nIt's one thing to say, \"well if we just made it a perfect anarcho-capitalist system driven by Smith's invisible hand,\" but that's absurd. You'd end up with corporate feudalism, it's an abstract system and the reality is much more nuanced.\n\nWhat would you hold up as a shining example of a modern free market?","All business is subject to regulations.  There is nothing close to what would be seen as an unregulated market today.  When we say \"deregulated\", we just mean a bit less regulation, often around pricing or products.  \n\nBanks are very heavily regulated, and some of the problems of the financial crisis can be attributed to new regulations; the situation deteriorated when mark-to-market accounting regulations were introduced, and only stabilized when they were relaxed, for example, so it's not as simple as more regulations works better. \n\n Under the phone company monopoly, there were few successful innovations, and telephone calls were very expensive.  Remember paying for long distance?  Probably not.\n\nOur healthcare system is in no way market-based, either;  it is very heavily regulated, and with prices for at least half of patients (on Medicare and Medicaid) set by the government today. \n\nSome of the markets subject to less regulation include things like computer hardware and software, which have seen tremendous innovation and amazing price reductions, such that products available now have many times the capability for a fraction of the price a generation ago.  It's a tired and false meme to suggest that deregulating anything only enriches a select few capitalists. ","Not sure if this is been fully addressed but what about split decisions, where the car has to choose between hitting an animal, a pole, or oncoming traffic (given not enough time to stop without collision) ","People always suggest this as inevitable. But I really don't think it is.\n\nThe car is going to be programmed to avoid all accidents. If the car senses an animal, a pole, and traffic it is going to try to avoid all 3. It can keep trying to avoid all 3 right up until it crashes. It doesn't have to \"choose one.\" It simply tries it best to avoid all 3 and eventually fails.\n\nThere are certainly times when an omnipotent observer could, in retrospect, know that the car had to hit either a child or a grandma. But that doesn't mean that is something the computer is calculating.","Exactly - I want to know if there are *ANY* circumstances where your car does not place you as the number 1 priority to keep alive.","Why not program it to brake full-strength, and aim for the longest possible path?","What if the longest path is a lady with a pram, and the shortest is a snow man? ","You're given here is a big given. The time to recognize is going to be much better for a computer than it is for a human (even an undistracted human).\n\nBut even given this, a computer can be configured to make the \"right\" choice ahead of time. A human does not, and so reacts from instinct or training. Those of us who don't have training, or ignore it, default to flailing. We haven't been driving for long enough for natural selection to evolve better drivers.","It would probably just break super hard and stop in time because it can react much faster. It probably takes us at least 300ms between realizing we need to brake and pushing the pedal all the way down. The computer could probably do it in under 50ms. Also, humans need ABS to control the car while braking; in theory, an autonomous car could manage the brakes more efficiently. The autonomous car can also calculate and predict the force of an impact with an object since it \"knows\" its own momentum and the specs of its crumple zones. Given all of that, the chances of a scenario like the one you and so many others have laid out is incredibly slim.","It would continue course forwards and begin prepping for a collision.  Windows up, seatbelt tightened, steering column unlocked and ready to drop, and then full brakes.","in a split decision speed matters. humans are so much slower, if they don't totally freeze.\n\nand i again warn against glorifying humans, it feels good but it is bad for you. \n\nwho doesnt have a friend or acquaintance who has been mowed down by a drunk driver? i know i do. hes been in the hospital and every time it looks like he might get better he has a stroke or seizure that sets him back.\n\nhe was struck at 60mph while sitting at a stoplight by a car being controlled only by a drunk human. \n\n\"Nearly 1.3 million people die in road crashes each year, on average 3,287 deaths a day. An additional 20-50 million are injured or disabled. More than half of all road traffic deaths occur among young adults ages 15-44.\"\n\nthe default setting for a human is stupidity. all information must be entered manually and there is no error correction in the hardware.\n","First off these are dumb fucking questions and it's not like a human driver can make correct split second decisions anyways. \n\nPriority will be to stay in the lane. You can brake fastest while not changing direction. \n\nAlso have you ever heard what happenes when you swerve to miss an animal and end up in the ditch? Insurance company doesn't care that you avoided a potentially lethal collision and you're at fault. ","Autopilot works on stop streets too. It doesn't see stoplights but you can go down a long traffic filled street without ever touching the gas or brake unless you need to stop at a stoplight or make a turn. I believe most accidents are from not stopping in time anyways. ","Having this feature better cut insurance monthly fees in half....","Nope, they'll be doubled for \"reasons\".","Because when you eventually do have a minor accident, all these sensors are going to be a fortune to repair...","The car insurance business is getting concerned, at least the smart ones are.  You're going to see more emphasis on new markets like pet insurance.","Sure, but who was at fault in those accidents? The autopilot perhaps?","[deleted]","The tesla would of slowed down, which is what you should of done ","Do you really fully trust that a computer program, however advanced, can accurately evaluate all of the variables involved in a collision? Reactions: Faster, yes. Better, absolutely not. The car cannot tell what will happen in the future, it can only make a decision based on what is going on now. Your bump could have ended in the Tesla swerving to the right and creating a massive pileup, which in turn could create massive backup and unnecessary use of emergency resources. \n\nSoftware is still no match for humans, since we have the gift of foresight and analytical thinking. Anyone who tries to tell you this without presenting hard, tabulated evidence is a snake oil salesman.","It probably has yet to encounter them. Don't let that stop you! Buy one today!","Nice try, Musk.","I would like to. A bit too pricey for me right now though. I'll probably jump on a 3 in a couple of years.","Not playing \"God\" (not just a religious point of view) is an actual argument. Just because we can do something doesn't mean we should. ","Sure, but why not?\n\nThere's no downside (other than overpopulation, due to longer lifespans, I suppose).\n\nWe already \"play god\" by doing organ transplants and cancer treatment.","you guys are just mainlining the kool aide at this point arent you?","What do you mean? ","You can't overthrow a corrupt government with cars.","Depending on the risk to there industry they may raise rates on autonomous vehicles or refuse to insure them.","I like that the destination in the picture is \"Sand Hill Road\". That's also known as the place where all the venture capital firms are in Silicon Valley, pretty much the Wall Street of Silicon Valley.  Well played Tesla.","I sure hope my next company car is a Tesla for this reason.  I'm a field tech, do a lot of driving.  I would imagine insurance for an auto-driving vehicle would be lower because it's less likely to get into an accident, along with the potential reduced liability against the company I work for having to pay extra damages that insurance may not be able to cover...","Which is technology that has been used for years now. This is nothing new, and nothing Tesla.","\"Autopilot\" is also available for mercedes and audio and bmw","Not sure why the downvotes","How many accidents overall were in that number?  Only when airbags deploy is it considered an accident?  What were the conditions of the autopilot accidents?  Of the non-autopilot accidents?  If they really had something to state, they would have stated the data behind it.  Just because the denominator is high, doesn't mean the data is valid.\n\nElon Musk communicates FAR too much in tweets without backing data.","Tweets are just tweets, both in regard to information-density and to marketing/pr. It's unreasonable to expect that they should be closely argued and carefully sourced. When Tesla is ready to start making the argument for the greater safety of autopiloted cars in earnest, they'll make it in earnest, and it won't be through Twitter. ","Sorry...\n\nalso only hypothitical \n\nI can easily see a company growing organs but not with the incentive to make sure they last for as long as needed. Obviously they'd want to make sure their product is better than the competition, but just like OPEC they can easily control supply and set a certain price regardless of demand, while at the same time their priority will not to be to make sure you have a new organ for the rest of your life, instead it's be to make money. Think of all the extra money you could make if you didn't make the organ last a lifetime, instead only 5 or so years(that's drastic) hell even 10 isn't a lot, but they say it's still a work in development and don't have to say anything  else. It's Repo man IRL.\n\nPS I would love if we could just grow our own organs, but I can't help but think greedy hands would take their hold of the operation","Actually, we'll grow them in people.","Maybe that's because cars are a form of transportation while guns are a weapon?","Competition will create incentives for lower rates. If I am Geico and I can steal all of Progressive's customers by charging cheaper prices, I will. Geico will be able to afford to do this because of lower costs since there will be less accident payouts. If they don't some no name brand will (or Progressive ofc).","depends on how they plan on growing organs but if it involves human farms, thats a big no-no","That's not going to happen and would be far more expensive than just growing the part needed, once the technology gets there. We'll either see relatively-compatible, lab grown organs, or better, take some of the recipient's cells and clone a new, healthy organ that's 100% compatible.\n\nThe later is much better. And as such, it's a reason to be mad at the US's political right demagogues, who sabotaged momentum in the field, a decade or so ago. That's like delaying a cure for cancer or something.","\"'X is good from the data that benefits us', says this company's CEO.\"\n\nYeah...........................\n\nOf fvcking course.","That's pretty hard to do. Self-driving cars are going to arrive well before lab-grown organs. What we need to do is make donation opt-out instead of opt-in, like they have in South Korea. ","Da rizzults are screwed.\n\nPeople currenly when using autopilot are paying *more* attention to the road thus causing less accidents.  Its such a novelty and heightens the senses.  Wait til people one hundred pct trust the autopilot feature then come back to us.\n\nPs not slamming elon but callin it like i see it.  I love what elon is doing and id like to work for tesla.\n\nPps i am high.\n\nPpps i am assuming he is gettin da stats from da onboard computer which has uplink to hq","Can it cope with e.g. situations where two lanes are blocked and everyone merges into the third? I guess in that situation you just indicate early and let autopilot do its thing.","I NEED to drive to get to work, I don't need my neighbor crackhead to own an AK47. The problem is the needless deaths due to gun homicides. Anyone who doesn't support basic gun regulation, does not value life.","We have basic gun regulation. The question that gets so much attention and discussion is whether/how much/what kind of further regulation would improve the situation.\n\nAnd anyone who thinks gun control is a major, critical issue in the field of preventable deaths, hasn't looked at the statistics of how many people are dying from what kinds of preventable causes. Guns are the last thing on the list.","Tell that to the [13,000] (http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-34996604) people who lost their lives to guns in 2015, or the 1,800 people who were injured and 475 people who were killed in mass shootings in 2015. Compare that to the [146] (http://www.gunpolicy.org/firearms/region/united-kingdom) who died in the United Kingdom. Then you look at strong armed robbery, gang violence, etc. No thank you, I personally would prefer gun regulations similar to the United Kingdom.","I would tell them that I'm sorry for their loss, that all needless death is tragic and stupid, and that this is why efforts to reduce gun violence should, of course, exist and be meaningful, but also should be 1/4th the size of efforts to reduce vehicle deaths, 1/8th that of alcohol efforts, 1/10th obesity efforts, 1/20th medical error, 1/40th tobacco, and 1/250th of global child death efforts, because that's how much larger those problems are and *death is death* no matter whether it comes from scary, viscerally disturbing objects, or just from smoking a pack a day or a typo on your medical chart.","I'm not sure I see it as an either or. In fact, there are so many economic incentives to adopt driverless cars, it's more of an inevitability than anything else. And, if it's safer, I support that.\n\nHowever, I don't see efforts to reduce gun deaths as obstructing efforts to reduce alcohol deaths, obesity deaths, tobacco, etc. \n\nMore so, it seem kind of bizarre that pro-gun advocates get so upset about efforts to do background checks, form gun registries, remove gun show loopholes, etc. If we can make efforts to build a safer, more productive society, why not?","Anyone who cares about a gun that is already illegal in the US (AK47s, being an automatic weapon are illegal here), does not value life and only cares about making a bullshit statement.","I'm not sure which state you live in, but AK47s are legal in mine. Finding them is the hard part, though. Although with a little bit of reading online, it's not too hard to buy a Chinese type 56, and put the AKM firing mechanism in it to build yourself a pseduo-AK47. (not that I know anything about guns or care to) The bullshit statement appears to be your weak attempt at cherry-picking the validity of a specific weapon I mentioned.\n\nNo one needs an automatic, semi automatic, or handgun in their personal life. Hunting rifles and shotguns should be legal if permitted and registered, and not within 50 miles of a major city. Anything less is an absurdity. It's a simple fix to make cities a little safer and the only reason why it's so difficult to make, is because trump-tards have to make such a big deal about basic common sense gun reform.","In the United States of America, there are no fully legal automatic weapons made or registered since 1986.   As for fully automatic weapons made before then, there have been 3 crimes with a legal fully automatic weapon since 1934, and 2 of them were done by law enforcement with law enforcement owned weaponry.  To have a legal fully automatic weapon, you have to have an NFA license (multiple thousands of dollars and a rigorous background check, and periodic checks) and an NFA tax stamp (more money and more checks) for the gun, as well as it being registered before 1986 (as said above).  If you don't know the law, don't talk about the law.  Unless your state isn't in the US, you're wrong.  You say that you don't know anything about guns, so learn what you're talking about before saying that someone else is wrong.  I know what the hell I'm talking about on this issue, you don't.  What you described with buying a semi-auto rifle and modifying it to be fully auto is against the law and carries stiff penalties.\n\nNOW, that said.  Even ignoring your false claim of legal automatic weaponry.  We can look at the crime statistics on ALL rifles and shotguns (BTW, hunting rifles and shotguns do include semi-automatics), and we see that *less people are killed by ANY long gun, than with fists (about 510 vs. 660)!*  Your ever so dangerous weapons aren't an issue.  Handguns are (and you also included handguns above to be completely honest).\n\nNow, I'm going to stop here.  I could keep going and pull out statistics about how more people use handguns defensively than to harm (even conservative estimates by the justice department support keeping them legal), but really I just don't feel like it.  Please learn what you're talking about before making claims, because right now, you're talking about a subject that you don't seem to have researched much, and making broad claims damning a lot of people who likely have done the research.","I can't wait to get out of this country with all it's gun nazis. If you own a non-hunting gun, you are a sick fuck. All the gun deaths in this country are on your head, and anyone else who holds that outdated opinion. I'm sure if you had experienced as much gun crime as I have, you would have a similar opinion. Whatever makes you think you need to own a deadly weapon, I am sorry. I hope you find an end to the violence in your head.","Good luck in your journeys.  Until you learn to drop the biases, you're going to have a hard time everywhere.  But, feel free to blame me for the problems of the world.  It means just about as much as the rest of the false statements you've made, but if it makes you feel better, I'll take the burden of being the target of your lies.  And I do mean lies, because you know that you don't know me well enough to know about any violence in my thoughts (here's a hint, I'm not remotely violent).  Firearms are owned by millions, from those that simply want some self-defense against assailants, to those that simply enjoy shooting at paper in their free time, and to assume that all of us are violent is just ridiculous.  Keep in mind, there are plenty of people that have gone through hell and back with regards to violence in their private lives that view their firearm as their last line of defense.  So no, your experiences with violence don't give you moral authority to damn everyone, nor is your reaction the only one. \n\nHave a nice life, but learn to drop the aggression.  Note that I only called you out on your lies...you decided that deserved personal insults in response.  You really need to reevaluate your views, not on guns (there are millions of right thinking people that disagree with me on that), but on people, because right now, your views are troubling at best.","&gt; you \n\nIt's not that I am incapable of responding with data and logic - it's just that I know I'm not going to change anyone's opinion, and I'm too tired and too sad to put the effort in. I'm sorry I can't give you a challenging argument so you can feel justification in your opinion that people should be able to legally own murder tools.","And you don't have to give me justification for anything.  I don't need anything from you.  The facts and the data support what I've said, and the fact that you view guns as \"murder tools\" shows that you aren't capable of viewing this subject rationally anyway. ","Or use political dissidents. ","Hey, we on reddit like to turn quantitative data into qualitative identifiers, misquote somebody, then ironically accuse them of being misleading.","Legislation requiring some sort of automated driving in new vehicles would be a start.","Mass transit?","Mass transit isn't a small change for a lot of people and areas. Going from a regular car to a self driving car is a much easier change to sell someone on. ","Mass transit tends to be *okay* in cities, and *really terrible* for rural areas. I used to have to take the bus everywhere. Sometimes a 15 minute drive was 2 hours by bus because of the routes. ","It's even terrible for suburbs. I work in Dallas but live in the next county over. We have a light rail connecting the two, but even that is only really suitable for people wanting to shop on the weekends, or attend a sporting event. The entire process to get on that thing and go somewhere can take hours. ","We probably should have campaigned for safer driving (and a whole lot of other benefits) when we were planning the expansion of cities decades ago. It's a problem now but it didn't have to be.","It's not like there aren't policies you can put in place to lower the number of fatalities. Just check out the difference world wide in country to country.\n\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_traffic-related_death_rate\n\nEdit: That said, bring on the self driving cars! I want to drink coffee and play a board game with my mates in the back seat while on the high way. Make my car a train coupé please.","How does it reduce the probability of someone else driving into you? The auto-braking may stop you from rear-ending someone else, but doesn't stop the idiot behind you from hitting you, and pushing you into the vehicle ahead.","Overpopulation. You're welcome.","Can someone reserve a tesla for me? I will repay them with a handwritten letter in colored ink of their choice. Thanks in advance!","They don't taste as good as the real thing. ","I gotta say the Tesla S and X are the only cars that make me want to work harder to afford them. Always impressed with how much work they keep putting into them with updates. For a DD I honestly can't think of another car I would want more. ","Sounds really good! We really do live in the future now.","you are right. What Musk is saying is simply impossible. The numbers are highly misleading (I am a mechanical engineer and a software engineer). So I would want to see hard data. This seems a far far stretch of truth.  \n  \nThe real formula to calculate %age should be \nIf auto pilot can be engaged only during 50% driving and probability of improvement is 10%, then real improvement is 50% x 10% = a total of 5%\n  \nGetting this number to 50% would initiate talks of banning manually driven cars (it would save millions of lives). I would guess this number is &lt; 10% (if I was to bet on real data, I would bet at about 5%)\n  \nOther numbers I would want to know is - probability of saving a life, probability of total financial savings.\n","Mr. Mechanical engineer/ software engineer is very speculative without data.  Your intuition is meaningless but while we're at it my intuition is that autopilot lowers accident rates by 50% in ideal situations as compared to drivers in ideal situations. \n\nYou arrogant fools really think Musk and his stastiticians don't know basic statistics?","\n1. I did not call you or anybody names. I see no reason to be angry at me for my opinion. You are obviously lot more emotionally invested in it than I am. You can disagree, but no reason to be rude and call names? Just because you are on internet does not mean you have to act angry and say else is stupid. Calm down, other people are also educated and smart and can have different opinon than yours.\n\nYou have also not given any reasoning to your intuition while I have.  \n\n2. Tesla only autopilots on highways. So lets say 50% accidents are on highway. So Musk's 50% reduction overall can only be true if Tesla can avoid 100% of accidents on highways. Which is totally unrealistic. What I stated is educated guess due to my education and profession. Hope you can follow this simplified reasoning. \n\nWe both do not know what is truth until real data is revealed.\n\n","You're assuming they did the stupidest possible analysis with no effort to correct for this.  I don't see any details in this article which would suggest they were that stupid.","Not quite.  I'm assuming that it's Elon's marketing materials.  As with all marketing materials, I therefore believe that it should be treated as if they are presenting themselves in the best possible light.\n\nDon't get me wrong.  I'm extremely pro-Tesla.  I'm also pro-autonomous driving.  However, with regard to any  specific marketing claim like this, I'll assume they've skewed the numbers as far in their favour as possible, until proven otherwise.\n\n","I honestly think that mechanical organs will end up being the more common solution.","75 million out of 2.5 trillion miles driven per year in America isn't a lot of data. ","You don't need a huge percentage of your comparison dataset to have something statistically meaningful. ","There is always someone. Always. Saying that you can't ask 1,000 people to get accurate public opinion.","As a proportion no, but so what? That doesn't matter; you just need enough to convincingly display that computers are better drivers than people which is no surprise to fucking anyone.","What the percentage of accidents in Teslas with the ai driving enabled? ","This is like saying there are less gun deaths than deaths from accidentally breaking a hip.","Almost guarantee you that the only reason it doesn't go down by 90% is because of other drivers without autopilot.","Audi has a better system in my opinion.  I'm fairly certain that there accident avoidance numbers are much better than Teslas numbers.","I'd love to see AI driving on the highway, but when it comes to back roads or in the mountains, driving it's sooo much the point of driving back there. It's fun to say the least","In God we trust bullshit that you see everywhere. ","We will grow young donors ?","With every car maker now pushing for automation, I wonder if in ten years people will even remember who started that ball rolling, and indeed who among them got it at least partially working before the rest of them.","Find GeoHotz and have him test his in non-ideal situations. He had his before Tesla had their's it was actually a bet between him and Elon Musk which Musk obviously lost.","I think more attention is on gun homicides because someone got a gun and meant to go out and kill another human being. I'm pretty sure most car related deaths aren't intentional while most gun related deaths are. ","Is the other 50% constrained by the fact that the other drivers were NOT using autopilot?\n\n","I'm curious as to whether people would ride in a vehicle which they have seen empirical evidence for a large increase in overall safety, but a small chance of an accident they normally wouldn't have gotten into, dramaticized by a circulated media footage of a car spectacularly driving off an empty road.","Yes, it is very little. In the US, annual miles driven is around 3,000,000,000,000 - 75M represents a sample size of 0.0025%.\n\nIt's a positive sign and I look forward to more, but it absolutely positively is a tiny tiny sample. Especially as it isn't even a representative or random sample.","That's stupid. It's like saying there are 7 billion people a study of 100,000 is negligible. The sample size isn't tied that strongly to the total size. ","It is when the sampling technique is cherry picking - which is what is happening here.","This guy doesn't understand statistics. ","Yesssss. Let's trust \"statistics\" from Elon musk about his own product. That won't be biased. ","It's essential, but it's also loved. The government could have made it so cars topped out at 80 mph, which is like magazine limits on guns....but they didn't.\n\nThey could have raised the driving age to 18  and saved a bunch of young lives and even reduced teen pregnancy, but they didnt.\n\nThey could have invested more into public transportation  and less into highways.\n\nThe reality is people love their cars just like their guns and will fight rational legislation to make them safer.","I'd wonder about the cancer risk, but I don't know. \n\nThat could probably be overcome with time. ","Serious question:\n\nIf an organ, except for I guess the brain, were to develop cancer, what's the issue with just replacing it with a lab grown one?\n\nIf the lab grown one develops cancer, what's wrong with replacing that one with a \"fresh\" lab grown one?","Cancer can metastasize and then it's all over the body. \n\n","it'd be super expensive for one thing","As long as there's still a \"TCS off\" equivalent button for when I want to have some fun.","I think we'll finally get to move off cones in parking lots and have more local race tracks as demand comes alive.","I can get behind this","The question then arises if you should be charged for manslaughter or even murder if you kill someone with the autopilot disengaged simply because you like to drive. At what point does public safety trump personal preference?","Google want to eliminate the steering wheel.","BRB switching to Bing","I wonder if you could use Bing in a google car?","I don't know why don't you just Google it? ","Google \"Can I watch porn in a self driving car?\"","Well yeah, to find hookers. ","I will never trust a machine to drive. Never.","I believe you are correct. If memory serves the patient has to be on a constant, and heavy load of anti-rejection drugs (amongst other things) and even then they're not likely to last long, so using artificial organs is generally just a temporary fix until a donor organ can be found. ","ELI5 how come we can put in a pins or even a fake hip and the body doesn't reject that?","They do get 'rejected' if you use the wrong materials. One of the reasons titanium is used for medical implants is its high biocompatibility.","Even if it's totally accurate that doesn't mean it's sensible or fair.  For instance when Musk said his cars had 1/4th the chance to catch fire.\n\nSure it was accurate that the ~1 yr old cars had 1/4th the fire risk as 10 year old cars, but a sensible comparison would be to also 1 yr old cars.  It was also accurate that the Teslas had a *30 times higher* risk of catching fire as a result of an accident than 10 year-old cars, but that's not a fair takeaway because the fires are not as deadly.\n\nIt seems the extra shielding has prevented the fires, so that's good.  It also seems that Musk has a history of grossly misrepresenting facts.","And how is that indicative of them having fewer accidents on average?","Because I'd take better care of my car if it cost $120,000 vs a $2,000 beater. Anyways, people who can afford a Tesla are probably more responsible than your local homeboy with the rims. ","It's much more likely that the average driver includes many more young drivers and Tesla drivers are older on average. ","Are they really? I thought they would be more of the younger generations considering the whole emphasis on tech.\n\n","Generally speaking I don't think kids can afford a car as expensive as a Tesla. ","i would guess the average age of a tesla owner is mid to low 30s but that is just based on a small number of people i know who own them.","I don't think people in their 20s are buying brand new cars, much less super expensive tesla cars.","so you have to be older than 29 to inherit wealth?","On the contrary, all the Teslas I've seen in LA have been speeding, weaving in and out of lanes, and just been douchebag drivers in general.","Just because you take it through a car wash often doesn't mean you aren't going to wreck the car driving like a jackass. ","Avoiding an accident is about protecting yourself, not your car. Accident's can happen with any value of car.","Of course they can, but you're completely missing my point. Read the comment again. ","I think mainly because the average age of an owner $100k car is higher.  You won't have a lot of teenagers and young adults in them.","Makes sense. Half the time it is your fault. Half the time it's on someone else. ","How should the government spend as much money on making cars safer do you think? I mean we could regulate but that leaves the manufacturers still having to implement. Rebates for cars with new safety tech maybe?","I don't know. I'm not proposing any specific policies, I'm just saying that it is a mistake that we don't explicitly acknowledge that our energy and attention should be distributed in proportion to the actual sizes of the problems. Gun violence is nearly at the bottom of the list of preventable causes of death, yet gets most of the headlines, and this is indicative, to me, of a large collective cognitive bias that we need to correct.","...Are you going to pay for the drugs necessary to make sure the body doesn't reject them too? Are you going to be invested in their post-op quality of life? A lot more goes into saving a life than making sure they don't die. Ask the person who some how survives having all four limbs cut off how they feel about it. Ask the person who survives but is horrifically disfigured. \n\n\n\nSome things are worse than death, and not all of them are things you can get better from, or have a new one of transplanted into you. ","Currently, yes.\n\nBut here in the hypothetical future, anything (reasonable) is possible.","I think a real issue that's being ignored with general car AI is mitigation. Yes, it's true that we currently get in accidents at a non-zero rate. But if we surrender our decision making to an AI that also gets in accidents at a non-zero rate...the question arises: how does an AI know which accident to get into? How does an AI operate during an accident?\n\nThese are not trivial questions.","Technically speaking it wouldn't be an \"accident\" anymore since statistics are about the probability of something that absolutely will occurr...but does not instead.\n\nIn short the right word is in fact \"error\" not \"accident.\" For example if the last video feed of Prince \"dying\" was one of an elevator going up and down violently over a twlelve hour continuous period \"resulting in his accidental death\" would one say \"there was no sign of trauma?\" or instead opine \"what were the odds?\"\n\nNeedless to say none of us mere mortals will ever know...\"since there was no visible trauma\" and instead \"he just died inside an elevator.\"","&gt; the car only cares if YOU survive\n\nWhat a coincidence, that lines up with MY priorities exactly.","Actually it would go to 0, because homicide means you were killed by a person, which the car is not.","Technically, while you are behind the wheel of the car, you are considered 'in control' of the vehicle. The vehicle is not a separate entity, it is an extension of you. Saying the car is to blame is like saying every tool used in homicide is to blame, and not the person. I suspect that the legal issues that could arise will be very very hard to deal with.","Yeah but we're talking about cars that drive themselves here, which is an entirely different subject.  Under our current laws though I would guess that you would be correct though and that you would be considered in \"actual physical control,\" since someone who is drunk and sleeping in a car with the keys can get arrested for DUI, something that I think is a giant pile of bullshit since I have slept drunk in my car many times although I have never been bothered by police.","[Vehicular homicide](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vehicular_homicide)","THEY TOOK HIS JERBS!!!","https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTbelq2dtKg\n\nI went to Catholic school and we watched this movie in one of our classes. I think the general idea is that you're not suppose to take control and manipulate life as it usurps power that is only meant for God. It's a slippery slope argument where we eventually go down a path towards \"Brave new world\" type of stuff. \n\nIf you take the view that a clump of cells that contains human DNA is a full blown human then it's pretty easy to understand how people would be against this type of thing. This is not something I agree with, but that's pretty much the counter argument that I've been taught.\n\n","Or maybe the cost/benefit of gun ownership is much different than a similar analysis of automobile usage.","More people die from car accidents than die from violence, by a factor of four. Are those whose lives end in car accidents supposed to be comforted in their last moments by the knowledge that cars provide a lot of value to the world? ","Do you want to talk about this new topic now?  I was just suggesting another reason guns get more attention despite causing fewer deaths.","Frankly, I kind of want to talk about no topics now. I'm getting way too many comments on this, and I'm kind of tired of responding.\n\nMy point was that cost/benefit considerations aren't really relevant, to my mind. People die needlessly; it doesn't matter why or whether there are valid reasons for the circumstances that lead to the possibility of their needless death, all that matters is that we find ways to reduce the numbers of those needless deaths, and that we do so in a manner that's reasonably proportionate to the sizes of their causes.","This times a thousand. \"Self driving\" cars only perform well in perfect conditions around other safe drivers. And even then the cars still make mistakes. I won't be trusting any autopilot cars for quite a while. The technology has a long way to go.","That doesn't stop anyone from drawing conclusions though. It kind of has to work both ways.","Breaking News - a direct profit participant of a product says that the product works really well and you should definitely buy one.","I agree. It's hard to drum up enthusiasm for those kind of things in comparison to the visceral threats.\n\nIt's not necessarily psychology, but it is showmanship.","Oh I know this one.  Terrorists ","You can do all that, you just don't want to put the effort in it.","Yeah I guess that (and other safety concerns) is why I would like to keep cars off the net. While Internet connections are becoming much more standard, I still believe cars require to be 100% autonomous without  the use of the internet.\n\nIf anything, I believe the automotive industry needs to look into creating a standard meshnet protocol to actually bring self-driving cars into the mainstream, internet connections won't really work all the time, and sometimes people will prefer keeping their cars on a specific firmware (kinda like Long Term Support versions).","... or just reduce suicide.  Guns are just a convenient tool.  Take away guns and people will find other tools.\n\nSuicidal Europeans and others around the world seem to manage just fine when deprived of them.","I think it depends. Of course there are other ways of killing yourself, but I think suicide numbers are lower in countries were gun laws are stricter. I'm pretty sure I would have killed myself by now if I lived in the US and had easier access to guns.","I think all old people should be given a Tesla. ","Somthing somthing something religion something something. ","Dude, don't challenge the evangelicals.  They will absolutely find, argue, and legally win a REALLY stupid point.  Just look at the Planned Parenthood stuff.  Even after the videos were proven fake and the makers were indicted on federal fraud charges, the fucking evangelicals just stuck their head in the sand as they keep pushing bills across multiple states to defund PP over that dumb shit.   \n\nTL;DR - Don't underestimate the mental gymnastics of evangelicals","&gt; corner at 7/10s\n\n(Sorry, English is my second language ) what does this mean?","It's a term among drivers that refers to how hard you are driving the car. 10/10s would be race pace.  So what I'm saying is that the car is entering corners aggressively.","\"Repo Men\" won't seem so sci-fi anymore...","Coal good for the environment says coal company.","Coincidentally, I've introduced a premium organ, one that fails at a slightly ^^^,5% ^^^, slower rate. It's certainly too bad our company owns all the patents and it's pretty much legal to be doing what we're doing.","I guess the next logical step is obvious: AI guns.","Can confirm. Math major with actuary friends, the analysis that goes into this is horrendously complex when you toss enough variables in the mix. Thankfully advances in AI will also help out here. Computer aided analysis in all scientific fields will probably become the norm.","Training will be part of it, people make mistakes, there's no stopping it, a doctor will get things wrong from time to time, some of those things will cause patient death and there's no avoiding that.","By focusing on only deaths you ignore the full impact of guns. What about the 100,000 plus injuries per year and their lifetime of medical costs, not to mention the loss of productivity. Since gun violence is disproportionately skewed towards the young some of the costs are staggering over a lifetime. Maybe instead of just a body count you consider the entirety of the situation.","[removed]","[Chrysler has showed us internet connected cars are unsafe,](http://www.wired.com/2015/07/hackers-remotely-kill-jeep-highway/) and I really doubt they're the exception. As much as I think that comprehensive data gathering may help get the system up to speed, once we get past the early adopter phase I would like to see an option to refuse to contribute to the network.\n\nKnowing most people don't really care, it'll only make a small difference in the amount of data gathered but will just having the option will be a huge advantage for the people that don't trust the Internet of Things mentality not to fuck it up.\n\nEdit: A comment from the mods explaining why something was removed would be much appreciated.","The future = no privacy.  May as well come to terms with it now.","But the trade-off is that you will arrive at your destination far later. From watching autopilot videos on youtube it looked as though it was sitting twice the distance back from the car infront than you normally would and would also slow right down if someone were to cut you off by changing lanes infront of you.","Which means CHEAPER CAR INSURANCE","Early adopters are just beta testers.","[deleted]","I think there's some miscommunication. I'm saying that if those people were not excellent drivers, those autopilot errors would have resulted in accidents. ","An accident is something a toddler has when they are potty training.  It's a crash, not an \"accident.\"","\"I have the best words\", says Trump","Americans are so willing to hand over control of driving, but unwilling to hand over guns or healthcare to the government. Quite the hypocrisy.\n\nEdit: You're all mindless sheep to a slaughter as long as that slaughter is a shiny new Tesla.","Are you saying accepting self-driving cars is handing over transportation to the government? Aren't the cars owned and directed by private citizens? I'm not sure what parallel you're making. ","I'm saying, yes it's owned by you, but so is your computer and your email. So is the OnStar system your car may have. But there are cases of [police being able to use OnStar to stop a vehicle.](https://www.onstar.com/us/en/services/security.html)\n\nSure they frame this as vehicle theft, but it's not a leap to go from vehicle theft, to car chase, to simply apprehending criminals by having their car bring them to the police.\n\nAnd if you think the FBI/NSA won't want their hands in that cookie jar, you're deluding yourself. Everyone who was so up in arms from the Snowden leaks seems to be the same people who are totally ok with a car that takes all the control away from them.","That sentence makes less than zero sense.","The mindless sheep are the zombies who want to give control of their lives to the government.  Not only do the majority of Americans not trust the government we are also prepared to fight against a tyrannical government.  ","And so you're ok having your car drive itself, and be open to manipulation? Heard of On-Star. Police can have your vehicle disabled by requesting it from On-Star. Now imagine they can just lock you into your vehicle and drive you to the police station.\n\nIt sounds like a joke, but you bet your ass it won't be a joke for long.","If the police want to catch you do you think you can get away even without autopilot? I think we need a better police and justice system, not irrational fear for one of the most important technological developments of the 21 century.","So the NSA/FBI being able to control a terror suspects car is irrational, but reading our emails is terrible? It's a double standard.","But your argument is essentially to not use email, I want them to get their hands off both technologies, but I still want the technologies. ","People who are 100% on the Tesla self-driving bandwagon are far fewer than this sub would lead you to believe. Americans like cars and like driving, autopilot will seem like a gimmick to many for a long time. ","Until the average john doe get to buy it then you'll have moms driving around with their kids dropping soda all over the electronics.","They have premium money, churches only have what they get on sunday mornings ","\n&gt;Yeah. Four times as many Americans die in car accidents as die in gun homicides\n\n\"This is what I just heard you say, and I am going to quote you on this, 'First you're going to force us to use self driving cars, for *our safety* and then you're coming for our **guns**.'\n\nVetoed!\"\n\n-- Rando Internet","Car accidents are preventable by paying attention/not drinking and driving or texting etc... Gun deaths the other hand are rarely accidents and are often associated with drugs or gangs. ","Most of those are caused by a personal decision to do something bad for staying alive. Also, your numbers are way off. Tobacco is ~14x higher, Medical error is 7-16x higher, obesity is less than 4x higher, and alcohol is only just 2x higher. ","My numbers are based on firearm homicides (~11k/yr), not total gun deaths, since the remaining ~20k gun deaths are from suicide, which is a complicated other problem of its own that will not necessarily go away simply by taking guns out of the picture. ","Then you need to adjust the other numbers to account for intentional deaths as well. It's disingenuous to compare a cherry picked statistic against dissimilar statistics.","Suicides by automobile, alcohol, obesity, medical error, and tobacco are exceedingly unlikely to represent a significant percentage of those categories. Suicide by gun is twice as large as homicide by gun. It's disingenuous to imply that these are similar statistics.","It's even more disingenuous to suggest that most car accidents, tobacco and medical related deaths, and alcohol related deaths are homicides, which is the comparison you chose to make.","To be fair driving is far more necessary and important in leading a productive life than guns are.","More people die from car accidents than die from violence, by a factor of four. Are those whose lives end in car accidents supposed to be comforted in their last moments by the knowledge that cars provide a lot of value to the world?","This isn't about comforting victims, not sure why your bringing that up, I'm sure the knowledge that it is a necessity and wet have no better alternatives does help a little. Does the fact that guns aren't necessary help gun victims feel better? Strange question.","The point is that considerations of value and necessity aren't relevant to the tragedy of needless death. Death is death, no matter where it comes from, and we should care about solving the causes of preventable death in proportion to how many deaths each causes, without reference to cost/benefit ratios.","So when two AI cars crash who is to blame. The driver, company, government (road conditions). \n\nInsurance agency are going to have a headache figuring this out. ","It will depend on who is at fault. If neither car is 100% at fault, they each take the blame. With auto pilot, the driver is still at fault since he or she ultimately has control of the car.","There are some self driving cars those I think are what really will get confusing.","That is a valid concern. There needs to be a way to turn off data gathering in cars (and cell phones, for that matter). For cars with auto-braking and auto-steering systems, there needs to be a way to turn those \"improvements\" off too.\n\nI don't intend to buy a car that can kill me by slamming on the brakes or steering me into a transfer truck. And I don't intend to be tracked everywhere I go either.","Saved these guys. Or at least preemptively got out of the way\n\nhttps://youtu.be/0-M3RY9lSks?t=25\n\nhttps://youtu.be/9X-5fKzmy38\n\nhttps://youtu.be/ihXxvspNTKo?t=18\n\nhttps://youtu.be/eus__5aSK8c?t=23\n\n[https://youtu.be/n_tzdV8m1m0](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ)\n \nhttp://www.reddit.com/r/Futurology/comments/4g8cu6/teslas_autopilot_lowers_probability_of_having_an/d2fzfiy\n\n----\nRain - https://youtu.be/uJ1KtANIjmc\n\nSnowing (no snow on ground) - https://youtu.be/JAa7iLn-erc\n\n\n","Because software solutions can and do fail. It boils down to liability, but the company doesn't want people dying because autopilot blips and the car goes flying off a mountain cliff. Bad PR, you know?\n\nIf I were to buy a car with this feature, I would turn it off immediately. It would be great when it works, yeah, but I don't feel the industries of computer hardware, software, and firmware development are really at the stage yet where I'd be willing to put my life in the hands of their products. For reliability reasons, the idea of a self-driving car is honestly mostly completely terrifying...\n\nThen there's the question of whether or how an AI system can adequately react to the mistakes of other human drivers...","What!?  No suicide booths?","Yeah, it's true that gun control gets a disproportionate amount of noise today, but auto safety was a huge issue for a while. Modern cars are extremely safe. As long as you're wearing your seat belt, you're pretty unlikely to die in a crash. Beyond discouraging drinking and texting, there's not much we could do about it until recently. ","Because most accidents happen when people are drunk. But with Tesla, even if you're drunk, it is ok, you still can be safe thanks to autopilot ","A blanket percentage is plenty to decide on. This blanket percentage just isn't high enough yet, AI will get better, and better, eventually it will be nearly infallible. When the blanket percentage is 99.999% and car accidents start to make national news the specifics of the stats won't matter, millions of lives will be saved. An AI isn't like a person, every mistake is record-able, every piece of data share-able, every machine is capable of making improvements to all the other machines on the road. If a \"near miss\" occurs it will be like with planes where a group of people gather around and talk about what should have been done differently and it gets noted in the bug report.\n\nJust look at the software that runs the space shuttle. They have had something like 8 errors in the history of the program.","Shuttles don't have to deal with traffic or shitty road conditions and construction","... yea they just have to connect to a man hole cover doing 4.76 miles per second. So much easier.","Well my computer seems to simulate it just fine using KSP... I'm sure the massive array of computers and scientists at NASA can handle it even easier","&gt;  AI will get better, and better, eventually it will be nearly infallible.\n\nJust like Ctrl-Alt-Del was only on earlier versions, when not all bugs were ironed out. Luckily now computers are infallible.","Not at all, your computer is not an AI. It is a fixed stupid group of circuits on a single easily corruptible disk. \n\nThere is no comparison between your PC's software and software on safety critical systems.\n\nThe code that controls those cars is by and large not even written by people. ","So you think that an AI - which should be even more complex than complex system we have now - won't have any errors or bugs or quirks even though we can't really fully test it.   \nAnd then there'll be constant new versions - meaning you can't polish just one iteration, you need to switch to a new version.","Not none just very few, and when errors are produced in some part of the system they will by and large be seen as outliers and be ignored by the control system, the object tracking software knows that things don't disappear and failing to detect something for the millisecond that the car takes to collect another sample of 360 degree environment data won't be an issue at all. There are machines working day in and day out that almost never make errors, look at your typical pocket calculator it does what it was made to do again and again, a car that drives itself is just a a big system of calculators that do fancier math there will still be mechanical issues at roughly the same rate but the computer inside can be much more reliable than the brakes.","I've seen way too many bugs in systems I work with to believe there would be less and not more bugs in way more complex systems.","The complexity isn't the issue it is attention to detail. Safety critical coding is a different process involving teams of people who study each line of code as it is written. Unlike in the average application where you just let errors crash a program, you run several instances of the program that cross reference and vote on the proper course of action for each input an error gets out voted (the space shuttle had like 8 of these redundant systems) . Writing an accounting app is nothing like designing a control system for a nuclear reactor or auto pilot for an airplane. You shouldn't compare the two at all in your head.","Is the other 50% the likelihood that someone else would hit you?","More people in the US die from mislabeled prescription bottles than from terrorism each year - by a factor of thousands.","Yes, and anyone making a sane analysis would tell you that the amount we focus on terrorism in this country is unhealthy.","Driving has so many variables, there's you, other drivers, weather, state of the roads, rules, bikers, pedestrians, etc. That's what makes it so dangerous.","In what conditions is autopilot engaged? Clear dry weather with no traffic? If autopilot is engaged 5% of time then a 50% reduction in accidents doesn't mean much. Please show and explain the data. \n\"How can you tell when a salesman is lying? His lips are moving.\"","No they have to be damn near perfect. One AI accident that causes a death will lead to lawsuits and a loss of trust in the system. \n\nIt's unfortunate when people make errors, but people accept that. If an autonomous car makes an error, there's nobody to blame. ","Lower speed limits on highways have been linked (very conclusively) to higher accident rates. All of the other things you mentioned are believed to have lowered the accident and fatal accident rate. ","hmm. did not know that. all the more reason we should be going 80 mph. ( I think higher speeds are better gas mileage, idk though?) ","Actually higher speeds aren't safe either (but they are safer). If you put a limit, people will slam on breaks when they see the signs, they will slow down whenever they see a police officer, and generally just drive like idiots by not matching speed with people in front of them. But if you take away the limit, tons of research shows that the average speed decreases by a few MPH and the accident rate decreases significantly. ","&gt; allows you to not be touching the steering wheel\n\nwhile stating you actually should....","I have heard an argument that unhealthy people are actually cheaper on insurance companies throughout the course of their lives because they die earlier and more quickly than a healthy person who ends up living a long time with chronic issues and expensive medicine / trearment.  \nThis was not emperical at all but I guess it can seem intuitive ","SO if you are in say the top 4th standard deviation of drivers it raises your chance to have an accident? ","&gt; Maybe that's just because people perceive there to be easier solutions to gun deaths than to automobile deaths\n\nI think it's because cars serve a greater multipurpose utility, and I'd say that as a proportion of total users car deaths are far lower than gun deaths. Guns are essentially designed to take life, and it's much easier for anyone (even a toddler) to pull the trigger and accidentally kill themselves/someone else, so the political aspects are unsurprising.","Your preorder has been cancelled.","You know how private companies share scientific data which they have funded and researched for their own profit? Oh yeah, they don't!","If self-driving cars are ever to become a reality it will take decades of studies and the government making them mandatory. Even then, every swinging dick with a drivers licenses dense will rebel. So what if they reduce accidents by 50%? Everyone thinks they're Mario Andretti - it's all the other assholes on the road that shouldn't be trusted.","they're probably using the AI on a clear and open road.","I wonder if eventually the ai algorithm will be able to factor in individual driving habits from other drivers. Like a database of automatically chosen bad drivers license plates","I have a really hard time believing this with all the issues the Model X have had. I have a friend who works at a Tesla factory and they're basically going bankrupt, they sometimes have shortages of parts and the numbers have been dropping. The model X has been locking people out of their cars, locking the falcon doors open so they can't close them, or slamming the falcon doors into stuff.\n\nThe working conditions at Tesla are pretty fucking awful. They withhold your first week's paycheck until you finish your second week, and OSHA, the US Labor board, does not respond to claims from Tesla. The vice president of Tesla could scream obscenities in your face and verbally abuse you. If you put in a claim to OSHA, they would say you have no case and not do anything about it.\n\nElon Musk is a fucking nutcase sometimes. He wants them to assemble like 2,000 cars a week, and Teslas are assembled by hand, not machines. That's like 12 hour work days and assembling like 100 cars per person per week.","With all the money saved from everything from hospital costs to clean up crews we will be also to cure all the diseases and not need as many donor organs. ","First bad accident of a rich kid and I guarantee that Tesla will be in huge shit for not requiring hands on the wheel.\n\nThe new Audi's do allow you to take your hands off for a few moments and uses an algorithm to decide how long you can keep your hands off.","Well, not a solid-axle one jacking up and flipping into a roll, that kind of sucks.","Will increase probability of having an accident exponentially if people actually believe it is actually \"autopilot\".  Seriously, self-driving cars are the future but I think Tesla is really jumping the gun with this.  Any horrific upcoming accidents that were \"caused\" by this \"autopilot\" are going to be blown up by the media and it risks discrediting self-driving cars before they ever get started.","Automobiles do have the distinct advantage of not being designed specifically to kill people.","Or it's cheaper to let the sick ones die quickly, Instead of multiple expensive surgeries.\n\nIt's not so cut and dry.","I think you missed the boat here. Cars are still our dominant mode of transportation. They are \"safer\" and totally unnecessary. Automakers keep cars on the road by actively opposing mass transit of all types.","CEO says his product is great. ","Your point is valid - that concern over auto safety may be a mature field and the low-hanging fruit seems to have all been picked, while there still seems to be relatively low fruit left to pick in the gun control field. That's what I suggested in my second paragraph:\n\n&gt; people perceive there to be easier solutions to gun deaths than to automobile deaths\n\nMy point is that death is death, it doesn't matter which of the many preventable causes lead to it, and a reasonable society would explicitly devote its attention to causes of suffering in proportion to how much suffering they actually cause. You're right that we do devote a lot of money and concern to auto safety already, and maybe it's unreasonable of me to compare the number of headlines/political outrage over gun control to the behind-the-scenes attention given to cars.\n\nBut in absolute terms, of how many [preventable deaths various causes lead to](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Preventable_causes_of_death#Annual_number_of_deaths_and_causes), gun control is an irrelevancy: total annual firearm deaths in the US make up 1.3% (~30k) of all preventable deaths; 2/3s of that are suicides. Tobacco causes 40 times as many deaths per year; medical error between 20 and 40 times; obesity 10x; alcohol 8x; etc. But I've never seen or heard any political figure explicitly say that we should be working on these things in proportion to their numbers. We just get a bunch of hand-wringing about the evils of guns, when it is, almost literally, the least of our problems.","It's been show that not having a gun in the house massively improves suicide outcomes, by making attempts less deadly.","It's also been shown that if they don't use a gun, they tend to hurt themselves permanently and then have to live with that for the rest of their life.","So your point is that guns are good because they are a more effective means of committing suicide? There are a lot of good gun rights arguments, but this has to be about the dumbest one I've ever had to pleasure to read. ","What's your point? That we should ban guns because some people use them to commit suicide? Honestly, that's not a very good argument either. People choosing to end their lives shouldn't be reason for the government to trample on my rights. How about we ban people walking on bridges next? Can't have any jumpers if they can't walk on the bridge.","No I'm not really arguing for either side. The main problem I have with the gun rights side of the argument is that they jump straight to a ban, which is a massive straw man argument. People that talk about full gun bans are a minority of people that support gun safety laws. I enjoy my gun rights and take full advantage of them, but there are certainly some steps that we could take to make gun ownership safer.  ","Remember 20 in 21 gun crimes involves the gun in the incident being used in self defense. The other 1 in 21 encompasses suicides, negligent discharge (I think the ATF can count the number of actual accidental discharges on their two hands), and violent crimes (armed robbery, assault with a deadly weapon, criminal homicide, etc).\n\nWe need to start with that knowledge when we talk about changing gun laws. I personally support mandatory safety training before the purchase of every firearm. (Okay, maybe only once every year or two). ","Tell that to Japan. ","Exactly. Jumping in front of a train or jumping off a large building is easy and very effective. Their solution was to put barriers in front of the trains with sliding doors, but there are still plenty of places to kill yourself and it doesn't solve the real problem.","If you make suicide even slightly more difficult to do, you actually reduce the number of successful suicides.   ","Is that because most suicides are impulsive rather than planned? So you can't just do it at any old station, you have to find a station with no barriers and wait for an express train to pass etc...","Yeah, a lot of them are impulsive.   Also, people are very often very delicately psychologically balanced on the edge; something as small as having to drive half an hour to go to a different bridge gives you a lot more time to re-think it.\n\nAlso, if people don't have access to guns or bridges or whatever, they're more likely to use much less lethal means, like knives or drugs.  More then 90% of people who attempt suicide with a knife or with pills survive.   ","You seem to be ignoring the fact that cars are not only a necessity to modern life, but a tool designed primarily to transport things from one place to another. A gun has no purpose other than to kill and is in no way necessary to a modern  society.\n\nGuns are focused on because they are a completely unnecessary threat in a civilized society. We can make cars safer, and we are doing that, but society as we know it cannot function without them. The same can't be said for guns, and even efforts to make them safer are consistently met with opposition. ","Not ignoring, just not caring. End of day, 4x as many people die from cars as die from gun violence - and cars are only the next item up on the list of preventable causes of death, the sizes of the other causes get much larger, and guns are almost literally the smallest category on the list. We devote a very disproportionate amount of attention to guns.","No one asked if you care. That's of literally no importance. Gun violence is such a senseless way to die. The fact that you don't care about it or the lives it affects doesn't make it less important or less senseless. \n\nCars are constantly being made safer and laws are being changed to make driving safer. But every time gun control measures come up its met with people like you who downplay it. \n\nMore people die from car accidents and disease, but those things are being worked on from all sides and have no simple solutions. Guns are the leading cause of violent death. That is much more reprehensible and is why they deserve so much attention. People seem to think guns should be immune to discussion.","I let myself in for your misreading, because I was tired of answering the same objection already and wrote briefly and curtly. But you misread me: I didn't say that I don't care about people who die from gun violence. \n\nI don't care that cars are necessary to life as we know it; I don't see that as a meaningful objection to the point that cars, necessary and valuable or not, kill four times as many Americans as guns do. Death by vehicle remains a problem that is four times as large as death by guns, and should continue to have four times as much attention as gun issues do until that is no longer the case. Also alcohol should have 8x the attention, obesity 10x, medical errors 20x, and tobacco 40x, even though I think alcohol and food are important parts of the good life, medical care is necessary and good, and tobacco.. well, some people like it, I guess. The value of a thing doesn't justify the needless deaths it leads to.\n\nI'm not saying that gun deaths don't matter. I'm just saying that pretty much every other cause of preventable death matters a lot more, that several of those other causes are large enough that small percentage reductions in them will completely outweigh anything we could do with guns, that gun death numbers are small enough that it seems unlikely we can significantly lower them without drastic measures, and that we very badly need to deliberately respond to problems in proportion to their actual sizes.","It should be noted that most deaths from gun violence negligent discharge and self defense related. Only 1 in 21 gun crimes involve a perpetrator with a gun other than a negligent discharge (so think an armed robbery fits this category). ","&gt; Guns are focused on because they are a completely unnecessary threat in a civilized society. \n\nHorses are also completely unnecessary as well, and result in nearly a hundred deaths, and thousands of head injuries every year.  When you consider that their are 100* more gun owners than horse owners, the death rate from horse ownership is on par with gun owners.\n\nPretty much all of our sports are also based off of preparing young people for war, and also result in dozens of deaths per year, and way higher injury rate per participant than guns.\n\n&gt;a completely unnecessary threat in a civilized society.\n\n\nand anyone who thinks killing is not needed in a modern society is living in such a idealized vision of the world to be borderline delusional.\n\nWe take risks and people die from our leisure activities, guns are one of many of the leisure activities, and not really even a overly dangerous one.","&gt;Guns are focused on because they are a completely unnecessary threat in a civilized society.\n\nI've been pretty glad I had a firearm nearby in the past, to the point that I think that I might not be here if I didn't have it.\n\nYes, statistically you don't need one.  But a lot of people have had to use them in the past, and since the stated endgame is \"make legal gun ownership nearly impossible while not affecting guns in the hands of criminals for years and years\" that isn't a very compelling argument to support gun control to people like me.","Guns are a completely necessary component of a free society.  The right to defend yourself is essential.  We have an amendment guaranteeing a right to bear arms for this reason, and I don't see anything in there about the right to transportation.","Sigh, [Volvos](http://imgur.com/PA8RpvP) haven't even been boxy for several years now.","The same place we get everything else: CHINA!!","We need to make organ donation opt-out instead of opt-in","Remember it was supposed to be 100% if we can get it past 60 it has been a complete success.","Did he claim to publish an independent study? No. He just gave out some interesting data ffs.","Test this in Asia you get amazing results :D  :-D","Not Christian, though. ","Car insurance will get much cheaper as you get less acciddents and will be included in the price of the car. So it won't be an issue for car manufacturers.\n\nAlso, a good chunk of the car insurance money goes to administrative costs. With B2B insurance, it will be cheaper. And claims will be simpler when you have a 3D recording of the surroundings.","Well, seeing as their AI isn't flustered by the gigantic screens on the console and dash, the rediculous gear selector, or the terrible mirrors and blind spots of the Tesla S, that's fair enough. But how well does it fair against drivers of normal automobiles that the driver is familiar with? ","Wouldn't this theoretically raise risks from those who wouldn't have been in accidents in the first place?","Depends on the driver I would think","those two words aren't necessarily interchangeable though.  A skilled enough pilot could very well be better than the auto landing system and could do it more easily as well, but in the event that something goes wrong, it will look really bad on the airlines for having a pilot manually land the plane in poor visibility and it could even result in lawsuits, so they may be required to use the method that is more consistent when considering skill level of all pilots","&gt; it will look really bad on the airlines for having a pilot manually land the plane in poor visibility and it could even result in lawsuits, so they may be required to use the method that is more consistent when considering skill level of all pilots\n\n That sentence makes no sense whatsoever. Daily thousands of flights land manually in shitty weather no issues. It's only when visibility is so bad that even riding a bike is dangerous that autolands are required. 99% of landings are hand flown. edit: grammers","I think we have different thresholds of what we consider poor visibility, but then again, I am not a commercial pilots who has used the auto landing system or know the procedures for using it.  I am also not arguing that the pilot should ignore all instrumentation and fly by sight alone in this situation.  Pilots learn to fly by instrumentation for this very reason.","Elon take the wheel, take it from my hands!","As has often been the case","Except the Tesla doesn't just stay in it's Lane - it sees slow traffic in your lane, signals, and moves over.","Plus at this stage, fully self-driving cars capable of driving on any roads in any conditions don't exist, even in prototype form. The hype exists, but not the actual product.","Do you honestly think gun laws will change before we get AI in our cars? Plenty of young healthy organs to go around.","If only you knew how bad the other brands \"autopilots\" were... Just because it was there doesn't mean it good.","Lol wtf go look up Volvo s autopilot in the 2016 XC90.\n\nIt's the same shit with more safety features.","If conditions were ideal and you didn't have to push all the buttons, do you think the plane could land itself, or does it still rely on critical pilot input? ","Absolutely not. We have to tell the plane what to do. It won't do anything on its own without prompting from pilots. If both pilots died in cruise or whatever, even in the most advanced planes like a 787, the plane will just keep on flying according to the pilots' last input until it runs out of gas. [Here's a perfect example of that](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Helios_Airways_Flight_522)","Yeah, but could it, if it were programmed to? Or would it need extra information that it can't get without a pilot? ","&gt; but could it, if it were programmed to? \n\nAgain, no. This isn't hollywood, and it's not like you can program it as if it was a linux command prompt or whatever. It won't do much of anyhting outside of the navigation database it has.\n\n&gt;Or would it need extra information that it can't get without a pilot?\n\nPut extremely simply, yes.\n\n\nMaybe this will finally give you some perspective: Going of memory, the autoland procedure is a nearly a dozen pages in our airplane manual (which in itself is in excess of 600 pages). In addition to an additional checklist. A normal hand flown landing is just 2 pages.","What sort of input does it require in those dozen pages?\n\nCould you give an example of a specific task that couldn't be automated?\n\nI'm just interested in seeing what sort of stuff is in there.","I'd paste the stuff if the department of homeland security wouldn't cavity search me, though it gets too technical for laymen.\n\n\nAt any rate, most of those pages describe the necessary equipment/certifications/weather/airport facilities etc etc that are required, which is a LOT of stuff.  Then we have to load up the approach waypoints in our flight computer and [tune the radios](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Instrument_landing_system). Then there's a specific profile we have to fly (it tells us when to go to certain speeds/altitudes when to put out gears and flaps) to get it accomplished. The autopilot is not capable of doing any of that on its own.","You're claiming to be an airline pilot and you're calling jet fuel \"gas\"? ಠ_ಠ","If you could be bothered to see my history you'd see plenty of proof.\n\nAnd second, why the hell are we prohibited from saying \"gas\"? This sub is full of laymen, what's the point of getting overly technical? Besides, we say gas all the time. Whoop de doo. On top of that, it's not called \"jet fuel\" it's called Jet-A.","How would that be \"proof\"? Just because you've acted like an airline pilot in your comment history somehow \"proves\" that you're legit?\n\nI'm not saying you're pretending necessarily, I have no clue. But I've never heard a pilot refer to jet fuel as \"gas\". They might say \"jet fuel\" or just \"fuel\" or be more specific and say \"Jet-A\" or whatever, but never \"gas\". Maybe you were just trying to be folksy?\n\nLastly, I don't doubt that you're a pilot since that's easy to achieve. There are hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of pilots in this country alone. I just doubt that you're an airline pilot flying multi million dollar planes, which would be much, *much* more rare.","&gt;How would that be \"proof\"? Just because you've acted like an airline pilot in your comment history somehow \"proves\" that you're legit?\n\nDid you bother to notice 90% of my posts are in /r/flying, the pilot sub? Do you not realize that in such a specialized sub posers would stick out like a sore thumb? (and we get many of those).\n\nIf you wanna play that card, What the hell are your credentials anyways to even try and pretend you know the slightest of anything related to aviation?\n\n&gt; since that's easy to achieve.\n\nAre you fucking serious? A decades worth of busting my ass is in training and working shitty flying jobs just to get to my first airline gig is \"easy\"? You couldn't be more oblivious. On behalf of airline pilots everywhere, who all go through nearly identical paths to get here, I'd like to extend a big fuck you.\n\nI'd like to dare you to go to /r/flying and post what you just said. You'll get reamed. Student pilots post there all the time complaining about how NOT easy it is.\n\n&gt;There are hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of pilots in this country alone.\n\n[Why don't you do some fact checking](http://www.aopa.org/About-AOPA/General-Aviation-Statistics/FAA-Certificated-Pilots)\n\nYou just keep proving how excruciatingly ignorant you are. The total pilot population in the US has never gone past a million. Airline pilots have never been much more than 10% of the total population. \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n&gt; I just doubt that you're an airline pilot flying multi million dollar planes, which would be much, much more rare.\n\nHow the fuck so? HAve you looked at how much airliners cost? Mine cost $20 million dollars when new And thats on the cheap side. Please explain to me how that is not \"multi-million\"\n","Why not have the \"auto-mobile\" have the accident and find out that way?\n\nI guarantee even injuries let alone deaths will drop to zero in probably a month. This would probably include even not taking away the ability to drive.","The 50% remaining being the other drivers","Seeing these kind of Elon Musk praising articles is what reminds me I haven't actually logged into Reddit.","It's the same kind of flawed logic that came out Terri Schiavo case. ","Chinese prisons","It would be nice to sleep on the way to work, get an extra half hour of sleep!","Car and Driver recently compared ALL the systems out there right now and concluded that Tesla's is the most advanced. Seems like they do deserve the attention for their autopilot.","Volvo wasn't even in the comparison. Neither was Mercedes...","Mercedes S65 AMG was in the comparison. (And is Volvo's autopilot car even widely available yet?) ","I know this is always the best. It's not that there aren't good arguments against gun control, it just seems those that are anti-gun control pick the ones that are completely retarded. \"Cars kill people! Ban all cars!\"\n\nFirst of all, the fact that they jump straight to talking about a ban is intellectually dishonest, as very few people talk about an outright ban. Partially because it's so unpopular with the general public. Second of all, as you point out, automobiles are one of the most regulated products in existence. The only other thing that comes to mind is the pharmaceutical industry or aviation.  ","No, I agree with you that there's obviously a lot of effort and money going into trying to reduce vehicle deaths. And we've made a lot of progress; the rate of automobile mortality is way lower than it was fifty years ago. \n\nBut cars still kill four times as many people as gun homicides, and I think there's a disproportionate amount of public concern over gun control when there are so many things that kill so many times more people than guns do - and in particular I think it's stupid that there isn't a large public awareness of the relative sizes of causes of preventable death, and a wide, explicit public recognition that our efforts on the different causes should be proportional to their varying effect sizes.","But lets take a look at extreme examples of what it would take for various causes of deaths to be curbed fully, or almost fully. For vehicle deaths it would be perhaps lowering speed limits so low it would take you 4 hours to get to work. Not really feasible. Maybe ban everyone from driving and only have public transportation? Also not really feasible. Add a ton of safety features and spend a bunch of money on research and development to improve those safety features. Feasible. Make getting a drivers license a fairly lengthy process? Feasible.\n\nNow lets take guns. Melt all the guns and be rid of them for good? Not feasible. Ban everyone but law enforcement from having guns in the first place? Not feasible. Add safety features such as fingerprint readers to all guns, and (forgive me if this couldn't/wouldn't work) possibly have a gun heat stamp a bullet with a serial # before firing? Pretty feasible. Make getting a gun license a very lengthy process? Feasible.\n\nThe issue is that even though you have a view that gun control has a disproportionate amount of attention on it, and perhaps it does after all the mass killings, it seems absolutely *nothing* has been done about the problem. If terrorists kill ~3k people US invades a few countries to 'stop the problem' (actually made it much worse, but hey), but it seems 10k homicides a year doesn't (or can't due to popular opinion, I'm not sure which at this point) warrant any action whatsoever.","I don't know what feasible solutions might exist for either car safety or more effective gun control; I'm not suggesting any particular policies.\n\nI do think that solutions result from energy and attention being given to problems, that we should recognize that explicitly, and that there should be some clear awareness that energy and attention, as public resources, ought to be proportional to the size of the problems.\n\nBecause some of the problems are large enough that even reducing them by 10% massively outweighs anything we could do with the gun problem. Suppose we reduced tobacco deaths (~430k/yr) by 10% - that's the same as all the vehicle deaths, and the same as four years worth of gun violence deaths. And a 10% reduction in a problem is surely far easier to achieve than a complete eradication.","Honda, the most reliable company  out there can't even guarantee their airbags won't explode in your face. How is a company with poor build quality like Tesla going to guarantee these increasingly complex systems are going to work and stay working as the car ages? Is there going to be a yearly inspection process and calibration? No way should people be taking their hands off the wheels. These systems should assist, not takeover.","Random question: Is the autopilot able to react to emergency vehicles?","I have a feeling that truly automated driving will require communication with other automated cars around them. There are just too many variables that hypothetically could happen that would be impossible to account for. An example would be a falling tree that lands directly on the car: how is one going to build in code for something like that. The only way to escape that danger would be seeing it in motion. Until the odds of something happening that causes an accident shrink to numbers lower than .000001 percent, it will be hard to sell giving up control to the public.","Suicide caused by government-induced poverty.\n\nThe United States appears to be gearing up for that!","Make this rex tillerson (ExxonMobil ceo)  and fracking and reddit hates it.   Why would you take the word of the company hype man as gospel? ","The way I figure the car a human is driving can just as well have a mechanical malfunction that ends in an accident.","all i know is that i tend to have a lot less serious glitches than my windows machines have had over the years","How many glitches do you think you would have had if you never installed any programs or downloaded any files? Windows starts like a clean sheet that gets more and more dirty. Software left to itself tends to keep running. ","call me a luddite but with my old pre-computer cars i never had to worry about the key not working or the computer glitching while driving. other things could break sure but usually with warning. even small things like: my windows always rolled down in old cars, but now one won't in my current car because of a failed electrical connection. i hope there is enough stability and redundancy to make this a non-issue eventually but it does still worry me at this point.","Stripped gear or rusted through cable would do the same in manual windows.","yet somehow mine always worked. luddite, i know","Most Windows glitches I've had seem to be the equivalent of me walking in to a room and forgetting why I went in there. \n\nI hope the Windows OS doesn't make it in to autonomous vehicles, but I have noticed that machines running Windows in a very simplified and specialized capacity tend to be pretty stable. ","Good thing the Tesla software is running on top of Linux, then. :-}\n","This is a very good thing and will save countless lives, lifetimes of suffering and buckets of tears.\n\nBut first test it, test it, test it just to be sure.","When the tech improves a few years down the line, I'd happily trade the minuscule risks of a glitch on the software side for the very real risks we have today of people being irresponsible, distracted, drunk, stupid, and otherwise dangerous behind the wheel.","it is one of those things where i would trust a computer more for other people probably but less so for my own safety. maybe irrational.","As long as the computer glitches less than the average person, that's an improvement.","With Musk announcing complete autonomy for his cars starting 2018 or 2019, can't remember exactly, don't you think the Model 3 will have the capacity to be at Level 4 or somewhat around it ? ","Complete autonomy by 2019 is not even remotely possible. ","I think it's possible and would say it's unlikely, except that google is getting close, and Elon Musk has it as a personal passion, and when he has personal passions he tends to get it done. At least, his 3 companies are doing fantastic.","I don't know, 3 years is a fair amount of time when we talk about technology progress.","Although 1 year later but the CEO of Ford disagrees with you.\n\n\nhttp://www.leftlanenews.com/ford-ceo-predicts-autonomous-cars-by-2020.html\n\nEdit: Is there a better person in the world to make this claim?","I think it is technologically possible, but not politically or legally feasible anytime soon.","Google has already got the rights for the cars to drive in California. \n\nIt'll be pretty hard for politicians to block self-driving cars when they come with claims of having driven millions of miles without accidents.(Google has already done 1 million miles) ","All it will take is one car malfunctioning (or even being reported as malfunctioning) when it runs over 1 person and then all hell breaks loose.","If that happens before the cars are introduced, then yes it'll delay things.\n\nBut once it's out there, there'll be no turning back.  People are okay with over 30 thousand fatal accidents in the US each year. One self-driven car death will not change anything. (There'll definitely be some kind of lawsuit but I'm sure the companies will have the best lawyers on board  to get a favourable judgement and sufficient insurance to cover whatever damages are awarded if they lose.)\n\nI see Google/Uber/Lyft etc. introducing these cars in major cities as cabs so people will experience them/get comfortable with the idea before getting one of their own. So the biggest resistance will come from human cab drivers and their unions.","Google will tell parents that their children have much less chance of accidents. Mothers will lobby to get self driving school busses.\n\nI don't think the first accident will be the end of self driving cars.","It's unlikely, but it's certainly possible with a few lucky breakthroughs. ","Lots of tech leaders are aiming for level 4 by that date","Plenty of poor people in jail.","That's actually a major concern of organ transplant clinics and doctors and such. There was an episode talking about it in the podcast Planet Money, where they explore why being able to buy organs might not be a bad idea. ","That poor little girl died...","So the probability of having an accident with out using Tesla autopilot is 100%? That's not very nice to say...","Good! Now then it should lower my insurance by 50%  \nHere come of the commercials:  \n\"I just saved a bunch of money on my auto insurance by switching to Tesla!\" ","2016 Challenger 392 with the tech package. ","Just ask Michael Hastings","Penetrates even the thickest of tinfoil hats","People joke, but this would be a serious logistical hurdle and could cause thousands on waiting lists to end up waiting until the end.","and yet when you read the responses to my comment... all that history seems to be completely forgotten.","Oh I'd love light rail. I wish it was a popular option in the US. The one advantage of cars is that it's more personalized. Takes you all the way to your destination and to your house. But now that I think about it, rail options could be the next logical step after self-driving cars. Once Uber and taxis become cheap and autonomous for driving in the city, you could take light rail between large cities because you wouldn't need to own a car. That's something I wouldn't mind seeing.","Faster possibly highway speeds would be nice but I think the real savings will come where traffic starts getting heavier. No need for traffic control systems that account for crappy human reaction times, traffic just flows virtually non-stop.","Agreed. Especially seamless merging. Rush hour could be a thing of the past.","Hmm, I wonder what a road network optimized for automated vehicles would look like. Maybe not just removal of traffic signalling devices but rearranging the roads to optimize flow.\n\nJust as roundabouts are an improvement on simple intersections which allow better flow based on human abilities and reaction times, what would be the next level for computer control? (Actually, roundabouts might be good enough. Though maybe just optimized unconstrained use of the roads)","It already should be a thing of the past. Bosses like arses in seats though.","Ready for computers to take over, not the NSA OR FBI. Chess-mate 😭😭😭","As long as taking over manual control is an option, they'll find a way to kill themselves. ","Gas prices?","Tesla makes electric cars.","Gas prices?","Right. Let's not lump all Christians into a group that opposes synthetic organs. That's definitely ignorant. But I think it's fairly safe to say that if someone *were* to oppose synthetic organs, they would belong to some branch of religion. And considering that some 70% of Americans affiliate themselves with Christianity alone, there's a large pool. ","i literally have not met a single person *ever*, of any religion at all that are opposed to synthetic organs. I am christian, a huge circle of my friends are, and of course I get to know people of all backgrounds at my university which has tons of international students.\n\nYour argument is making a point off of a speculation; you are essentially saying that because there are 70% of Americans that identify with some type of Christianity, they *must* (at least some of them) be opposed to synthetic organs. \n\nUnless you show some data or .....actual evidence, I will conclude by saying you, along with the first commenter that I replied to are delusional dumbasses that make excessive exaggerations off of mild speculation. Miss me with this bs ","It's called a bus. Ride it. Stay off my roads. ","As a former Catholic who's met dozens of people that are against \"organ growing\" I think you're a little misinformed. There is a massive anti-stem cell movement led by the religious right and even some fairly moderate Catholics. They've been hindering progress on these issues for a very long time. This is in no way a straw man argument.\n\nSources: \n http://www.christianpost.com/news/pope-says-euthanasia-is-sin-against-god-blasts-abortion-stem-cell-research-129775/\n\nhttp://www.beliefnet.com/News/2001/07/Stem-Cell-Research-Religious-Groups-Weigh-In.aspx\n\nhttp://www.nbcnews.com/id/13828193/ns/politics-tom_curry/t/stem-cell-funding-silver-bullet-democrats/#.Vx4J-vkrJ1s\n\nI appreciate your general point, that you shouldn't paint all Christians with such a massive brush, but declaring that these movements are not prominent in many Christian communities using only anecdotal evidence is incredibly ignorant.  \n\n    ","Well when all cars are self driving at least that speed limit will become 60","Not too likely in residential areas","That's similar to Jehova witness ideas, but even most strong fundamental Christians would love the idea of artificial organs","It will be easier to legislate that insurance companies can charge insanely high rates to manual drivers, requiring everyone but the ultra wealthy to have to give up manual driving.","What if computer says no? ","But what about all the police revenue from tickets?  What about all the jobs in the trucking industry?  Sarcasm aside, I agree, and can't wait for more AI involved in driving.","Those are not sarcastic questions nor should they be. The domino effect could severely hurt a lot of public and private sector jobs to the point where we may see massive job losses simply because the monetary risk from vehicles vanish.  I like where the direction for the car industry are headed, but bumpy roads are ahead.","[AI](http://i.imgur.com/mYVbhHP.png) ","I asked my agent about discounts for having the EyeSight feature on my Subaru... no such luck, even given this (first source I could find, not the best I know):\n\nhttp://www.torquenews.com/1084/study-eyesight-equipped-subaru-vehicles-reduce-accidents-significantly","He didn't even make an argument...","Do you really have to make an argument to misrepresent someone's position in order to make it seem easier to dismiss? \n\nYour answer aside, he was making an argument; he just prefaced his assertion with \"I believe.\"","They will probably work with car manufacturers to make self driving cars purposefully cause accidents based on a random selection. That way the likelihood of an accident doesn't change and they can continue to make money. Everybody wins.","Christian here: I welcome A.I. \n\nThere's a difference between data and truth, I don't believe having a car decide what's safest has any impact on my theology.","What happens when someone on a long drive using autopilot falls asleep? ","Haha I could see it","If there can be a false argument against immunizations...","We'll just harvest the Christians' organs then."],["I'm on to them, they want to make cat-girls and whatnot!","it's almost 2019 ;)","What happens in 2019?","Cat-girls and whatnot","[removed]","Only if they genetically program her to do that","Akira.\n\nThe movie Akria takes place in the year 2019.\n\nThe psychic powers and destruction which drives the plot were sourced in genetic experimentation.","It's a documentary,  from the future","Not only that, the Olympics takes place in Tokyo in 2020.","It's the year 2020. Monster Musume is now a reality. ","~~Mia~~ Miia is clearly best girl.","You spelt Miia wrong. \n\n\nAnd best girl is Suu. ","not enough love for Suu.","Fucking heretic. ","U wot m8\n\n\nI like Miia as well but... She's at most tying with Papi for second best girl. ","Wow, both of you are pathetic for not realizing Mero's superiority.","Fucking cuck.","Papi is the worst girl. Always laying those giant eggs.","They can't be that big if they're coming out of her birdy bits. ","Heretic ? DEUS VULT! Fite me... Suu obviously best girl. Why have Miia when you can have everyone in one package. She can be anything. And the way her personality is slowly starting to come out...\n\n\nWait, this is not r/MonsterMusume ? Are we leaking ?","[We have the technology](http://i.imgur.com/psuCTOA.jpg)","a real life cat girl, holographic waifus, and hopefully before im to Old real waifus in matrix vr. what a time to be alive!","Like the birthrate wasn't bad enough...","Are you saying that real life catgirls are not likely to get fucked?","I, for one, welcome our new kitten overlords.","&gt; kitten\n\n[Why don't you have a seat over there.](http://static.buzznet.com/uploads/2012/05/msg-13377291744-418x560.jpg)","I can guarantee at least 1 will be","I for one don't want to screw with something that's part animal, or should I say non-human animal, in real life. It'd be like screwing your dog, except a cat. ","What? You expect there to be a *significant* amount of cat dna in there?\n\nNo. We just modify a few genes that code for skeletal development and we get a tail without \"adding\" anything from another animal.\n\nThe ears might be more difficult. We can definitely get a body covering of fur without taking anything from animals, as we have people with that condition. They look a lot like Wookies in my opinion. Of course, that's not generally part of cat girls, so we don't need that.\n\nReally, you have to remember, that most of our genome is exactly the same as other animals. \n\nYour dog/cat can't say yes, consent, or have a set of genitalia where your set more or less either resembles, or fits into.\n\nThey can't discuss Plato, or the alphabet, or have a mind that is more or less similar to yours.","Yea... I'm... I'm ok with that. ","cat girls with elf ears. Whatever, lets not think about it.","That is quite a mutant... I like my catgirls and elves separate. ","Don't knock 'em tip you try 'em ;-) Haha","In all seriousness, if they find a way to modify birth defects out of an embryo they'll either have to make it illegal *not to* or fully allow genetic modification, resulting in Japan finally getting their Lolita cat girl army to stock maid cafes. \n\nFinally religious beliefs dominating politics will do some good in an unintentional, backwards way. ","I mean allowing it to remove defects probably is a weird concept to begin with, since it'll mean - in an evolutionary point of view - looking for \"the right\" partner lose its meaning. \n\nBut yeah, I agree otherwise, though I'm not into girls, I for some weird reason think cat-girls are sexy, and find them attractive.","I just figured at that point you'd be voluntarily giving your child (for example) downs syndrome, which would put you in the same moral stance as someone modifying their offspring how they see fit. ","Yeah, this whole concept is very messy. Still, probably every sane person would want to modify their offspring at least to remove genetic faults... but even if allowed, a lot would depend on money. ","[deleted]","thanks to its lack of puritanical bs i think japan has a shot of starting a transhuman revolution","Japan still makes it illegal to show dicks even in porn. I'd call that puritanical BS","It is only that way because of the post war Americanization of Japan. So, yes, still puritanical bullshit.  ","&gt; It is only that way because of the post war Americanization of Japan. So, yes, still puritanical bullshit. \n\nYes, I remember that phase when America hid dicks in their porn. Oh wait, nope. Even if it was, why the hell haven't they changed it yet? \n\nBut people have this habit of blaming anything they don't like in other countries on America, Europe, basically the closest white person they can find.","You know how in America you can show the most gruesome of violence but can't show a tit? Yeah, that's what he's talking about. Don't act like it doesn't fucking exist. ","Porn in the US was extremely restricted all the way into the 70s.","I'm not sure I disagree with you or Japan.","You know how when things are left to the imagination they usually become more  impressive?  There's a reason it's all blurred out.","Japan knows that the things people see would affect their minds and behaviour, it's good to censor pornography. By pursuing pleasure people can become a slave of their desires.  Like drug addicts, but by discipline you find true liberty.","Yes sensei","Thank You Japan for having the balls to do this.......or thank you to the Japanese people for not throwing a religious fit.   \n\nWe'll be 10 or 20 years behind you, because........bible.","It's not a religious issue. Modifying fertilized human eggs is very much an ethical issue, regardless of religious belief. It comes down to \"where do we stop\". Is it okay to modify away birth defects? What about appearance? What about intentionally giving someone an isolated defect to see if you can cure it without gene modification? In any of these cases, it will be the poor and lower classes who get shafted, as they literally start to become genetically inferior to the wealthy who can afford these types of procedures. Also keep in mind that modified fertilized eggs are just a stones throw away from actual human experimentation.\n\nBlaming the lack of research on this subject in the US on religion is uniformed at best, and an unfounded anti-religion attack at worst.","&gt;  Is it okay to modify away birth defects? What about appearance? What about intentionally giving someone an isolated defect to see if you can cure it without gene modification? \n\nYes.\n\nSure.\n\nNo.\n","Pretty simple.  It is like not inventing the computer because someone may watch child porn on it.....  Computers are great just make the evil shit illegal.","Well the slippery slope fallacy isn't accepted in most debates, so why is it allowed \"WHERE WILL WE STOP\" in the argument on genetic modification? The argument of genetically superior upper classes isn't actually one I'm too put-off by. I don't mind the super wealthy getting extremely fast cars and such, because by the fact that they are bought, more money can be put into lowering the cost of older models and funding the development of newer, better models. Keep in mind, all of this goes out the window in a post-scarcity world because the only difference between upper class and lower class is culture.\n\nPersonally, I'm completely okay with human experimentation so long as the human completely understands what they are getting into and are doing so 100% on their own terms.\n\nAt the very least, we should not stop basic experimentation in the area just because further down the line there will be definite lines we will have to cross. I would say that to some extent, it is religion that is preventing it in the US, but that is only because religion has influenced so much of the culture in the US. After all, God never said \"thou shalt not edit thine DNA\".","Because it isn't a \"slippery slope\".  Gene-editing at all for *any* reason has ethical questions that have to be answered. If you gene-edit in any way you run the risk of creating a genetically superior class because of the simple fact that the poor can't afford it. The issue with the car analogy is that, there is no \"older model\" of human. You are either human, or you have had your genes edited and are superior. It is a clear divide. Also note that this is *not* a post-scarcity world we live in and it doesn't look like we will be getting there any time soon. We can't base our actions today off a very distant possibility that there will no longer be scarcity.\n\nOn the topic of human experimentation, there is no way for an egg to consent, and to truly see if it has worked the egg has to be carried all the way. Who are we to doom a human to being an unwilling lab rat?\n\n&gt;After all, God never said \"thou shalt not edit thine DNA\".\n\nYou're right. God never said that. Humans said that. Humans are the ones saying that gene-editing is going to far. Not ancient books. Humans. So why are we blaming religion for the decisions made by humans?\n","The wealthy have always had access to new technology first.  If that were any reason to put the brakes on progress, we wouldn't be having this conversation from hundreds or thousands of miles away from one another.  If anything, I see germline engineering as one of the more egalitarian technologies that we can embrace.  Genes, like the latest dope track from Major Lazer, can be spread repeatedly with zero up-front cost.","The wealthy have also almost always had a hand in the advancement of technology.  Like with them competing to break the speed record in vehicle led to many new engineering points for pretty much every part of the vehicle some of which then became standard in other cars.  Part of the burden of having excessive currency seems to be flaunting it that advances tech out of necessity and because they can actually fund the new theories.","It's not that the wealthy have access first. It's that the wealthy could very easily become the *only* people to have access.\n\nIt's also not anything like the latest Major Lazer track. If I send you a copy of Bubble Butt, what you get is Bubble Butt. With genes it isn't that simple. If you and I work together to spread Bubble Butt (the appearance gene) then it is entirely feasible that what comes out is not the Bubble Butt that I so admire on you, but something different. There is no really perfect way to spread genes.\n\nI'll also say it's not about putting the brakes on progress wholesale. It's slowing it down until we can ask the very real ethical questions that *need* to be answered before we move forward. I don't want to reach a point where we have discovered a technology but have not considered it's consequences.","Saying \"where will it stop\" is exactly the definition of a slippery slope fallacy. Its the exact same thing old conservative blokes said when gay marriage was legalised, \"where will it stop, legalising pedophilia?\".\n\nThere is an older model of human, and it is exactly what we will be when the first genetically modified person is made. We will almost certainly end up doing it, so the question isn't \"should we do it\" but \"how should we distribute it\". Your question isn't about whether humans should be modified but how it will impact people based on wealth. That leaves several options, the capitalist way in which everyone pays for the modifications they want for them or their child. The utilitarian (or possibly totalitarian) way, in which your modifications are decided due to your career choice and they are paid for by the company. With egg modification that could mean that children will be born pre-designated into a job and thus caste, a la Brave New World. This also means that \"factions\" could end up developing based around certain modifications in a way reminiscent of a young adult novel. Or there is the communist-y way in which everyone gets the same modifications as they are developed, and they are paid for by the state. I see a clear losing path at least.\n\nThere is no way for an egg to consent, precisely, because there is no reason for it to consent. Do we ask the rat's consent before we inject it with fluids that might help it or leave it in debilitating agony for the rest of its short life? If the egg is carried to term and the child ends up being a mistake of nature, then could we not just give it the lethal injection or holistic care? What makes that child any different from the rat in its ability to feel pain, or is it just that we sympathise more with it due to being the same species.\n\nWe're not solely blaming religion, but we can attribute, particularly the puritanical way in which some Americans are reacting to gene modification, to cultural artifacts of religion, lest we not forget America was literally founded by Religious Puritans.","You know the 'fallacious' arguments aren't always fallacious, right? You can make a legitimate slippery slope argument as long as you're not being unreadable in your assumption of slipperiness. ","That's exactly the reason I did not stop there, patting myself on the back for a day's work, to do so would be saying there was nothing of worth in the rest of their argument, which there absolutely is and is the reason I engaged with the rest of it. \"Where do we stop\", as they said, was the question. \"Not here\" is my response. They explained their side and I explained mine, beyond the scope of the slippery slope of \"if we allow this, where will it end up?\"\nWe can do one thing without doing progressing further with it, just because of potential major ethical issues in the future, there is no reason to not do something now which can help people.\n","&gt; If you gene-edit in any way you run the risk of creating a genetically superior class because of the simple fact that the poor can't afford it.\n\nWhat creates the social stratification today is overpopulation, by lowering the cost of labor. Should we regulate reproduction to reduce social differences? I would say \"maybe\", but I doubt anyone would agree.","If we can cure ailments and make humanity stronger, we have the moral obligation to try.  Your slippery slope argument makes no sense.  Do we not cure cancer if it is expensive, because people in Africa may not benefit?  That is a ridiculous idea.","&gt; so long as the human completely understands what they are getting into\n\nEmbryos don't have that option. That's the point.","That's true either way, though.  If we choose to not genetically modify embryos for improved health and longevity, they also don't have an option there either.   And honestly, most people would probably be more upset to find out that they could have been healthier and longer lived but their parents (or their society) decided to not allow that.","Exactly. I sure would be pissed.","the counter argument is that the embryo also doesn't have the choice of being in the womb from a mother that was obese, that smoked, that had familial history of addiction, that was 4'9\", etc, etc.  We know that these things can lead to epigenetic changes in the child's genome without its consent, so what's the difference?","Because they don't need that option. They can't feel, they lose nothing by having this experimentation take place. Should they turn out to be a horrid Kronenberg-esque creature, they can be given a painless lethal injection, or be given holistic care if they seem to be in pain, or if further tests are required, be given painkillers. As far as I'm aware though, the eggs they are modifying aren't expected to be allowed to become people, to develop consciousness and senses to any real degree. So the embryo doesn't need to consent to anything, it will never need to.","&gt; slippery slope\n\nIt's generally the people that fail to see the slope that are the first to fall on their ass on the way down it.  \n\n","Slippery slope arguments aren't inherently fallacious. They only are when the presumed slipperyness of the slope is higher than one should reasonably assume. ","&gt; Also keep in mind that modified fertilized eggs are just a stones throw away from actual human experimentation.\n\nSlippery slope I see. We definitely wouldn't want to slip on that slope.","&gt;In any of these cases, it will be the poor and lower classes who get shafted, as they literally start to become genetically inferior to the wealthy who can afford these types of procedures.\n\nPeople always make this argument, but I don't think it'll be something available only to the rich.   The expensive part would probably be IVF, and while that's not cheap, middle class people already get it.   We may need government subsidies to make sure the poor have access, but once people get used to the idea it shouldn't be a hard sell, the benifits to the country as a whole for allowing access to anyone who wants it are too obvious.\n\nAnyway what always seems to get lost in these debates is that fundimentally we're talking about a technology that will eventually help the next generation be happier, healthier, longer lived, and maybe smarter.   That is a huge objective good for the next generation, for society, and the species as a whole.   I don't think any of the arguments you have have made come close to outweighing that.","The answer is very simple. We dont stop. \n","That is very clearly not the simple answer or we wouldn't be having this debate. Pretending as if \"keep going, fuck ethics\" is the answer is downright ignorant.","No the answer is that simple. We have these debates simply because people are afraid of change, nothing more.","&gt; ethics\n\nmfw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztVMib1T4T4","[removed]","First off, calling what anyone says \"blathering idiocy\" is not a good way to start any conversation. Telling someone to kill themselves because they disagree with you is even more so.\n\nFollowing up on that, there is a massive argument on whether or not the technology *should* even be made available. Also keep in mind that it's not a question of what you are doing on *yourself* but rather what parents would be doing *on their children*. Are you going to argue that you have the right to do whatever you want to your child now? \n\n","And what if it comes out terribly deformed? Often, when we monkey with nature, there are unintended consequences. Creating a baby that will suffer is clearly unethical under most secular belief systems. ","\"Where do we stop?\" Why should we stop? I don't have a problem with any of the uses you suggested, and I can't see why anyone would unless they were worried about playing God.\n\nAnd since when is expense a reason not to pursue scientific/medical advancement? Everything starts expensive and gets cheaper and more accessible as technology improves... But it can't do that if we don't start somewhere. While we're banning this, we might as well ban all of the other expensive medical procedures that are currently available, just because they aren't economically feasible for the poor? That's just a terrible argument.","It's not that they are economically unfeasible for the poor. It's the fact that it could relaunch the era of castes in which the poor who cannot afford genetic modification are placed in lower standing because of it, and as such will be stuck in a vicious cycle in which they will forever be considered lower. It could mean that there might be a literal class of \"sub-humans\" simply off the basis that they can't afford modification.\n\nIt's not like it's some expensive cancer removing procedure that will cause their death. It's also not about \"playing god\". In fact, to some people it's much worse. Many people theorize that it could lead to the systematic removal of the freedom of choice from massive numbers of humans based solely off their financial standing.\n\nWhy should we stop you ask? What I want to ask is why should we strive to create a class of wealthy super-humans who are theoretically superior to us in every way. The only people who benefit from \"not stopping\" are those who can afford it.","Anyone who is ok with gene editing clearly hasn't read Brave New World. Either that or one of it's main messages went about 20 miles above their head.","Of course we shouldn't create artificial intelligence, didn't you see Terminator?\n\nOf course we shouldn't mess with uploading/copying the human brain into a computer, didn't you see Transcendence?\n\nOf course we shouldn't increase the storage space of flash drives, didn't you see the cost in Lucy?","First two points are valid, the third is from a movie based on faulty science instead of just extrapolated science","The last one was a more blatant joke about them having to \"kill\" Scarlett Johanson to get a better flash drive ","People always reference distopian science fiction any time they hear about any new technology.\n\nBut they fail to notice that while you can make scary science fiction about any new technology, that usually in reality the net benifits of new technology very much outweigh any negitive effects.   \n\nDistopian science fiction can still be useful if it helps people see and avoid some possible pitfalls of new technology, but you shouldn't try to generalize from fictional evidence.  ","Very good middle ground stance you've taken. ","of course we will edit genes\n#\nanything else would be retarded","Oh, right, my bad. I forgot it was all up to you. ","&gt; or thank you to the Japanese people for not throwing a religious fit.\n\n\n\n\nThese are eggs, not embryos.","We wont be 20 years behind. The end product will be available for US companies to use and/or you'll still be able to fly over to Japan to get a customized baby made. The US has footed the bill for decades in major medical research while other countries copy the finished product and sell it at a much cheaper price because they haven't had to foot the R&amp;D or regulatory bills (see: Pharmaceutical industry). This will just happen in reverse.","&gt; The US has footed the bill for decades in major medical research while other countries copy the finished product\n\nThat is rather misleading. The US spends the most on research, but they don't spend the most per capita or as a percentage of their GDP, [check the wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_research_and_development_spending) yourself if you want. \n\nMost countries are much poorer than the US, no-one expects Nigeria or Venezuela to make as many groundbreaking technologies. But claiming everyone should be grateful to the US is silly, their research benefits themselves first and foremost, if other countries benefit from US research then the US also benefits from theirs. \n\nOr should we talk about international actions &amp; responsibilities? After WWII America made sure it got all the german &amp; japanese scientists &amp; research. America \"sued\" India for allowing a cheaper generic drug to save thousands of lives. The US has a history of taking care of its interests, the TTIP &amp; TTP are a perfect example of the US building a system to benefit them. The irony is that the US is very poor at supporting community benefits via government spending, they care about private business &amp; low taxes, while other countries pour money into universal healthcare. ","This har nothing to do with religion. You are CLEARLY not understanding the huge ethical issues this brings. ","It's not a religious issue. It's a eugenics issue. I am an atheist and I am vehemently opposed to this.\n\n*extra s edit","You are part of the secular religious left. Liberalism is your religion. Please stop being regressive so we can progress in this country. Thanks.","I can't help but laugh whenever someone associates progress with a positive. It's the great delusion of this generation.\n\nProgress is simply change and moving forward, and change is very rarely 100% good. Every time there is change someone is thrown to the wayside. That's why there are at least two parties in every democracy, the \"progressives\" and the \"conservatives\". The progressives argue that we need to change to improve. The conservatives argue that if we change things will get worse.\n\nNeither of them are inherently wrong, and acting as such is only going to speed humanity towards its downfall in one way or another.","go live in a third world country if progress is so bad","I'm not a liberal and not religious either. kthxbai","Haven't both China and Britain *already* allowed this?","Yes, and if I recall correctly, the top comment was about how China has no ethics.","China has allow this research, yes.\n\nNothing like this has happened in Britain as far as I know.  You might be thinking of mitochondrial donation (the so called \"three parent babies\") which is now allowed there but that's a very different technology.","https://www.theguardian.com/science/2016/feb/01/human-embryo-genetic-modify-regulator-green-light-research","Yes they do but they don't make cat-girls!","I've always thought it was problem based on equality.","Thank you, Japan, for killing endangered whales for research. I mean, \"research\".","Ethical questions are big things in research. But in the end other countries will do it sooner or later. Soon it won't be question of what to research, but what and when to use it by consumers.","[removed]","I guess they could discover the cure for a range of deadly, widespread diseases, and then share that information with the international scientific community at no cost, sparking a golden age of peace, international trade, and research --- leading to the enlightenment of all beings and the natural human progression beyond the confines of a material existence.\n\nOr maybe we'll just blow ourselves up.","As long as we have one of those two extremes, I'll be happy. Anything in between is boring.","Either one should be really fucking cool to see and be apart of","\"SOMEONE SAY GOLDEN AGE\"\n\n-The speaker","Your civilization has entered a Golden Age!","There is the possibility of changing adult genes too.","They haven't approved actually creating people with modified DNA. Yet. From the article:\n\n&gt; The panel said it cannot approve the clinical use of modified fertilized human eggs, citing risks of editing errors and the currently unknown impact on offspring. Correcting genetic defects and putting the egg back into a mother's womb is among the cases of clinical use.","There is literally no way to avoid it. We better start discussing and researching it now because this really is uncharted territory. I am very excited for the possibilities. But honestly, can we really do that much worse than we were doing just a few hundred years ago when a majority of the world had institutionalized slavery, etc? Just because the capabilities to edit our genes are relatively new, we shouldn't fear what is to come. We must act like adults and understand where we as a society can take technologies like CRISPR and put them to good use.","Just imagine how we'll act when some people legitimately ARE genetically superior to everyone else.\n\nLikely the richest of the rich too.","That already happens. Rich people get better educations and have far better opportunities than everyone else. They also have fewer environment generated diseases and better healthcare.\n\nNonetheless, the benefit of the advance of technology is that it gets *cheaper* as it goes along:\n\nhttps://www.genome.gov/images/content/costpergenome2015_4.jpg\n\nYes, we saw what the Nazis were aiming for with their eugenics programs. But in all honesty, this is an entirely different ball game and most of the scientists working with things like CRISPR are actually interested in helping humanity, not harming it.","Thats not altering the genes in any way tho..","If you are referring to what they said about the Nazis then it technically is altering the genes of the society they live in. Eugenics although not a direct way of manipulating genes does in fact manipulate the genetic traits that a society will have as time goes on. ","I was refering to the part of the wealthy having better genes, all that factors are irrelevant in the scale of evolution and alteration of genes. Remember that evolution is based on random mutations, and those who fit into the specific biological nieche are more likely to survive along with its host and thus alters the genepool. A human lifespan is way to short for having an influence on the genepool, apart from selectively breeding, although superior is relative anyway, theres not realy such thing, yet.\n","How about we put it this way:\n\nIf we don't figure out how to alter our genes appropriately, then you and I, and the rest of humanity will one day die. Making biological death an option is going to become a reality one day. There is no doubt about that. Would you prefer to be part of the generation that figured it out and fundamentally altered humanity itself, or would you prefer to be part of the generation that missed the boat and died off instead? I will fight death until the day I die, and we're going to need more people to get this going before we become the idiots that missed out.","To be fair, if the worlds elite really wanted to kill poor people, they could do so now without repercussion.  Tech is sufficiently advanced that you only need a few willing operators and you can obfuscate the rest to keep people in the dark.  All you need is patience.","The biggest problem with genetic modification is we will start to lose random genetic mutations. In many ways that is a good thing for individuals, however that it will ultimately be a net loss for us as a species.\n\nThink of monoculture farming with high rewards but extremely high risk. If everyone has been modified a certain way that could open a door to a viral epidemic, that random mutations give some people a fighting chance.\n\nGenetically superior is a very loaded term. It's that whole a fish can't climb a tree so a monkey is better (Einstein quote that alludes me). As soon as you start making prerequisites for humanity, you by necessity ignore others. Do we focus on making ourselves smarter and stronger? Longer lived and healthier? Or I'be even seen ideas recently to edit genes to help us survive in space. Scientists in a lab can't account for everything, what if by making ourselves smarter in one way (i.e. greater memory capacity, photographic memory) we lose our imagination thereby stifling further inovation.\n\nWe could also get to a point that we create different classes of people from birth no different than a caste system. You have blue collar folk born strong, white collar workers with higher brain capacity, politicians with long lives (shudders).  At that point we haven't advanced humanity, we have limited what it means to be born human. Right now anyone can be anything, it's idealist and untrue due to economics, geography,  politics, and such, but breakout cases do happen. I hope we don't lose that in the oncoming future.\n\nI obviously have quite a few hang ups with the whole topic. Sorry to rant off your comment.","Caste system.","[removed]","You're welcome.","I doubt we would loose random mutation. Thats intrinsic to DNA replication as well as existing in an oxidative environment. What *will* happen is that we won't have to wait around 1000 years for a more efficient receptor/enzyme polymorphism to be generated through chaotic happenstance. On the topic of monoculture, I think you are referring to genetic clones ? which is not what is happening here  ","I'm more talking about the over modification of genes that genetic editing enables. I know anything related to this article will not have any outcomes close to what I am describing, but it is the precipice on which we stand. These possible outcomes should all be considered by, I want to say society here but humanity is more fitting.\n\nCloning has some overlap with what I was talking about, but I am most definitely on the topic of genetic editing. The more we control within the genome the less room there is for mutations.","Considering we can just decide what genes we want and plan ahead before we need the mutations (potentially) i see this as a superior set of circumstances","And it's the naivety that presumes we can plan for everything that I am arguing against. \n\nRandomness is a cosmic truth. We forgo it at our own peril.","If it's unavoidable, then no amount of editing will prevent it. Problem solved ","If what's unavoidable?","Some people are actually genetically superior to others now. It's nothing new    ","Look at world fact book on IQ per geographic locale. There are already large deltas of superiority between groups of people.","tru, though you'd have to be able to measure genetic superiority too! id def wanna see my \"stats\" LMAO. CUZ IM A FKIN GENIU$ BABY!","Phenotypic measurement's not good enough for you?","A lot of interesting arguments are going to start to happen. But there is a ton of possibility with the technology and I think we need to pursue it. ","I agree we should pursue greater understanding- we should always be moving forward. \n\nThe question, though, is can we pursue genetically modifying ourselves without further stratifying society? Do we evolve into an insect-like society, as drones to serve the queen? ...or maybe we create a Utopia where everyone is healthy?\n","I was hoping the utopia where everybody is healthy but under our current capitalistic system that definitely won't happen.  ","the same reason that the invention of the a-bomb didn't turn the Earth into a lifeless rock","I like how you worded this as a question so as to avoid having to actually articulate and defend your concerns.","I like how you don't contribute anything worthwhile to the discussion.","Because it's Japan, incoming Gundam Wing!","All tha anime is going into their head","ITT: Anime jokes by people not interested in science.","And some anime jokes by people who are. You can't tell if they don't mention it","I'm ready for supersoldiers... I guess. *shrug*","Time to get some newtypes!","The notion that genome-editing is going to produce a genetically superior overclass is absurd. The genetically superior overclass already exists. You can't do physics as well as Feynman, you can't play cello as well as Yo-Yo Ma. You can't dunk like Shaq, and you can't swim as well as Michael Phelps. For the most part, all of that was determined at birth, by a mixture of heredity and blind luck. \n\nDesigner babies won't create a genetic overclass. It'll just mean that fewer people get born into the underclass. ","&gt;all of that was determined at birth\n\nAh, I see you've never played a sport or an instrument.  Please, by all means, continue talking out your ass and continue to disrespect the thousands of hours of practice that professionals sacrifice for their skill.\n\n\nThere might be people out there who are genetically predisposed to talent, but they are shit without practice.\n\n","Lots of people swim from a young age. Very few of them are able to become Olympians. Obviously, hard work is necessary to excel - but you're building on a foundation that's present in your cells from conception. Acknowledging that genes matter doesn't diminish the role of hard work or upbringing.","On a casual level, the less genetically advantaged can compete by putting in the work, but once you get to more competitive scenes, you'll see genetics play more of a role.  Everybody at those levels trains just as hard as each other, and a normal person has a chance to reach that level but a genetically disadvantaged person will never be #1.  Even then, there are some things that you will never be competitive at unless you have the genes for it.  You will never be on the level of Albert Einstein.  This was determined at your birth.","&gt;Everybody at those levels trains just as hard as each other\n\nImpossible to know.  More talking out the ass.\n\nBTW Yo-Yo Ma does not write music.  He simply performs it.  He is the epitome of someone who has practiced himself to death and does not use his own creativity, so he is not really even in this argument.  Someone who is a musical genius would, at some point, write brilliant songs.  If he's simply just a great performer, then he doesn't need to be genetically gifted, just willing to put in 1000s of hours.","He he.. not everyone can be a great performer even if they put in twice the hours he did. Get it yet? Some people aren't born with it","A propensity for hard work can also be genetic. That gets into some rocky territory though (how in the world would you decorrelate that propensity from mental will?  Are they seperable?).","ya if anything this'll be making sure (hopefully) that the next \"species\" of genetically modified humans wont have a baseline of \"fucking retard\" lmao.  just look at the ave. human now! myself included wahaaggas \n\ni welcome our new evolution!!","That picture looks like a jeep","Basic public study... \n\n*Meanwhile in a secret underground laboratory,* Dr. Wong is experimenting to make super soldiers.  ","Finally. Gmo to live 1000 years","&gt;Ethical problems also remain when gene editing is used for other than medical treatment, such as eye colors or strengthening muscles, the panel said.\n\nWhat.\n\n&gt;Ethical problems\n\n&gt;eye color\n\n&gt;strengthening muscles\n\nAnyone who can read this statement and not cringe in disgust of how stupid it is, really needs to be shot out of a cannon into the moon.\n\nThe *real* ethical abomination is these so-called \"bio-ethicists\", these beard-stroking armchair philosophers who think so highly of themselves that **they can decide for YOU, what YOU look like, how long YOU live and what YOU are capable of**. Fuck these people.\n\nI understand that because newborns are involved - individuals who depend on a third party (their birth-givers and medical personnel) to make these decisions for them - it gets a bit sticky in that you're not deciding for you anymore, you're deciding for someone else. Nonetheless in cases of **changes which are in fact improvements** such as increased intelligence or strength, anyone who would be opposed is simply a blathering moron.\n\nThat all being said, the main point is that these kinds of appeal-to-nature attitudes, **where people feel entitled to make decisions on behalf of others**, are destructive and fascist. If I want to gain superhuman strength, sprout wings or connect my brain directly to the internet, that is MY choice and MINE alone. If you don't want that, you go right ahead and continue living in your decaying, weak and fragile body all you like - but don't you dare think you are in any position to chose for me. I will cut you.","The problem arises when only wealthy people can afford these treatments - the divide between the poor and the rich becomes enormous because the wealthy are literally genetically superior.\n\nAlso, we're not very sure what consequences any of this stuff have, even if it got approved in the next thirty years, who can say what will happen in the long term?.","&gt; The problem arises when only wealthy people can afford these treatments\n\nSo, people being envious over what someone else has is grounds to prohibit other people from having it? \n\n&gt; we're not very sure what consequences any of this stuff have\n\nFair, depending on what you define as consequences. Adverse health effects due to rushing things out to market without proper testing is one of the few legitimate concerns one could bring up. Nonetheless people should be able to make informed choices for themselves despite consequences.","It's not simple envy, this is different from having a smartphone, with this technology you could literally gain superpowers - at least relative to normal human life. This kind of technology is going to change the world, and it's a very fair consideration to see what kind of world we're gonna get from it. [/u/NyaaFlame mentioned some other examples](https://www.reddit.com/r/Futurology/comments/4g7rxd/japan_panel_oks_gene_editing_of_human_eggs_for/d2fnqnr). If history is a guide, this isn't gonna end well for the lower classes.","The following are my positions on the matter:\n\n1. All individuals have the **right to participate in any and all activities** in which all directly involved or affected parties **have provided informed consent** to the activity, provided that the activity is safe (the risk of death or debilitation is reasonably low OR all reasonable measures to minimize such risk are taken).\n\n2. As an extension of 1, all individuals have the **right to decide what they can and cannot do with their own person or property**, provided said decision does not directly infringe on the rights of non-consenting parties. Under the same terms, **no individual or group should be granted the authority to dictate or prohibit** what you can and cannot do with your own person or property.\n\n3. If someone requires assistance in facilitating said decision, **no action should be taken against any individuals who are** (or are not) **willing to facilitate it**, provided the process is \"safe\" (as defined in **1**) and the recipient has given informed consent.\n\n4. Any **adverse effects on society** that may arise from individuals fully exercising their rights (as stated above) for which they are not directly and individually involved, **are not said individuals' responsibility**. Further, under no circumstances should an infringement on these rights be considered a part of a solution to any such adverse effects.\n\n5. No argument against transhuman rights exists which successfully demonstrates an **ethically relevant and well defined distinction unique to transhuman technology** which ethically separates it from other forms of technology, or which ethically separates it from other activities permitted by **1**. In other words, any argument presented thus far can be **equally applied to other forms of technology** which are widely accepted and even considered commonplace, or **to unrelated activities between consenting adults they take no issue with or even viciously defend**. Therefore these arguments can be dismissed on the grounds that their discriminatory attempts are (or have been shown to be) based on subjective or flawed reasoning, such as **special pleading** and **appeals to nature, tradition or popular opinion**.\n\nSo, in replying to your post:\n\n&gt;very fair consideration to see what kind of world we're gonna get from it\n\nSee **1** and **2**. A far better thing to consider is whether we want to create a world where other people are granted the sort of authority you think they should have: Authority over what you can and cannot do with the most valuable thing you will ever own - your own self.\n\nAre you comfortable with some authority regulating what sort of thoughts and opinions you have - perhaps by censoring information that it deems \"socio-economically damaging\" - under the guise of some sort of contrived \"ethics\"? Probably not.\n\nAlso, see **4**. **Provided that all parties directly involved have provided informed consent** - whether it be gay marriage, sex change operations, prostitution, recreational drug use, bungee jumping, shitting in one another's mouths as a part of some kinky sex act, or self enhancement through technology - that is their business alone. Any resulting adverse effects on society for which they are not directly, individually involved are **not their fault** and they should **not be held accountable**.\n\n&gt; It's not simple envy, this is different from having a smartphone, with this technology you could literally gain superpowers - at least relative to normal human life. \n\n&gt;this isn't gonna end well for the lower classes\n\nActually, it is exactly like getting a smartphone. See **5**. All you've managed to accomplish here is this:\n\n\"It's not simple envy, this is different from having a **(insert widely used technology from a given time era here)**. With this technology you could literally **(insert new abilities here which would seem supernatural for people at the time)**. This isn't gonna end well for the lower classes!\"\n\nThe so-called \"divide between rich and poor\", the \"only the elite will have access\" rhetoric, they all fail to demonstrate why transhuman technology is \"special\" in this regard, or why that should matter to anyone who may benefit from the technology. Until you can do so without relying on flawed appeals to nature or popular opinion, you are basically wasting everyone's time.\n\nI challenge you to prove me wrong with point **5**. Like NyaaFlame, you will fail.","Gundam SEED explored the idea of humans and Coordinators (genetically enhanced humans) living together – go watch if, it was really quite fascinating to my 18 year old mind.","kick off Evangelion prototype","Woohoo! Go Japan! \n\n\nI just hope europe will wake up and allow genetic modification too.","Sex doll girl trafficking will never be the same again!","This is go8ng to be our species slipperiest slope.","Imagine 500 years from now when we perfect this and time travel. The controversy will be if we should manipulate our own genome throughout the timeline.","You saying that hasn't already happened?","If we do it, it's already done.\n\nAnd i just realized, after a lot of  editing on this comment, exactly how difficult it is to talk in the past and future tense in the same sentence without sounding nonsensical.","And here I thought that'd be religion, as evidenced by history so far.","So can I add humans to list of mammals that lay eggs, on the Wikipedia page?","Not sure if you're joking or not. \n\nHuman females have eggs and human males have sperm. Combine together to get a \"fertilized egg\" or what is also known as a zygote.","Either way it gave me a great laugh. I do think he was joking or at least I hope he was. \n","Ahahahah, truth! But, I never know so I want to educate! T_T","All mammals have eggs, humans, like most mammals, do not LAY them though.","I'd say yes.","Are we talking about breeding people for sex here? Or are parents seriously going to elect to have their children put through this type of procedure... for what? \n\nWhat sub am I in...\n\n\n","Ethical? Nope, future? Maybe. Should we do it?\n\nIn the broadest consideration, probably not.","But the superior overclass is inherently not exclusive to the wealthy. They have no more power to produce good genes in their children than any other parents. If \"designer babies\" existed it would create a genetic overclass *because* fewer people get born into the underclass. Suddenly everyone who is wealthy is now not only born into a better life than you, but they are just born *better* than you. It would be as if every wealthy child was an Olympian, whereas only the chosen few from the average citizenship could ever hope to even possibly compete with them."],["Why are people so offended by the term \"meaningless jobs\"? When I was a cashier, I definitely felt that job was redundant. People treat you like a machine. Most cashiers will be replaced by machines eventually anyways. There are definitely meaningless jobs out there, that doesn't mean you are meaningless because your job is. You are not your job.","Because jobs are part of many people's identities. They feel worthless if they don't have a job.","Not so much worthless as non-contributory","That's their problem, not mine.","I wish I could say that","Hey waffles are more useful than cashiers in my opinion. Chin up. ","Other peoples' problems don't affect you at all?","Yeah, but not this one.","That attitude is the real problem.","&gt;Singularity in 2067\n\nHey, I also think that it will be [around that time.](\nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/singularity/comments/4ft8t8/when_do_you_think_the_singularity_will_occur_and/d2ce3x5)","Silly people! It isn't their jobs that make them worthless! ","I'm working at a shoe store now, and two simple machines can completely eliminate my job: a self checkout, and a machine that stocks shelves. Hell, I know someone who's team is working on automating warehouses and hoping to eventually make a product that can do the same for small stores. ","Boston Dynamics has that robot that looks like a fallout protectron that in its progress video is seen walking over uneven ground and manipulating boxes. \n\nI'd be worried if I worked for a courier service. Self driving delivery trucks would mean you could hire cheap unskilled labour to run the packages to the door but now you wouldn't even need that. Just have a charging pod on the side with one of those robots in it and it could handle 90% of deliveries. ","Why on earth would you use a large humanoid robot when the same task can be performed by smaller sized to fit drones? Humanoids are mechanically inefficient if the environment isn't particularly complex.\n\nYour other point about self delivering trucks with on board truck to doorstep robots stands though.","A machine will still never be able to satisfactorily explain why you don't stock shoes in men's 10 1/2 Wide though. It's important to have a real person around for that. ","It will eventually. For now we may need customer support, but that's all we'll need in the near future, and not even that in the distant future.","Here's how you explain that from a retail vets viewpoint: Because the company doesn't send them to us. Order online. Sorry. ","I just don't feel like a robot would be able to offer the moral support I need on my inevitably disappointing shoe shopping trips, nor would the be able to acknowledge the pain I'd suffered the previous couple of years, having settled on the wrong size shoes...","Automated checkout in grocery stores \n\nhttps://youtu.be/xFNGiTGyQzk","&gt; Currently, millions of people are employed in what anthropologist David Graeber calls “bullshit jobs”—work that serves no real purpose, and is simply a way to fill time and provide salaries. \n\nIs he referring to government beaurocratic jobs that are paid by the taxpayer?  Not sure many employers create jobs just to fill time and provide salaries.  ","Ideas And Opinions (Author) Albert Einstein\n \n\"Production is carried on for profit, not for use. There is no provision that all those able and willing to work will always be in a position to find employment; an “army of unemployed” almost always exists. The worker is constantly in fear of losing his job. Since unemployed and poorly paid workers do not provide a profitable market, the production of consumers’ goods is restricted, and great hardship is the consequence. Technological progress frequently results in more unemployment rather than in an easing of the burden of work for all. The profit motive, in conjunction with competition among capitalists, is responsible for an instability in the accumulation and utilization of capital which leads to increasingly severe depressions. Unlimited competition leads to a huge waste of labor, and to that crippling of the social consciousness of individuals which I mentioned before.\nThis crippling of individuals I consider the worst evil of capitalism. Our whole educational system suffers from this evil. An exaggerated competitive attitude is inculcated into the student, who is trained to worship acquisitive success as a preparation for his future career.\"","My work does this with the accounting department their numbers are linked to how well a company does or to how many stores we have. We have been expending and they keep adding people while the workload doesn't get bigger. Also we are working on projects to automate their work which they keep fighting but the changes still get through, and now they have about half the workload per person as 2 years ago. \n\nOn top of this they are working 8.5 hours a day, no one wants to change it. As a result they end up taking a 2 hour lunch, and serf the web half the day.\n\nThe business has pretty good margins so I don't think they care too much but they don't really pay them well and there is no real talent in the department especially higher up. ","Where is this and how can I apply","Tell me more about this, web serfdom. ","First you whip it out, then peon it.","\"serf the web\"\n\nHaha nice ","Large margins are like carpeting; they can hide a lot of sins.","Of course they don't, intentionally, but in reality most businesses over a very small size have multiple employees that can be described this way.","At larger companies people can sometimes find themselves in positions with no oversight and no real job description. I've worked jobs before where I probably didn't really need to be there at all. ","I had a period after my manger was fired where I didn't really have anyone to report to. As long as I kept systems running which wasn't much effort, no one was bothered what I did. I spent the rest of my time learning new tech to get a better job. ","But, what if keeping the systems running did take a great effort? Meaning, because one is efficient is his job doesn't mean it is wasteful time. ","Health insurance industry, is an example.","yea working at one right now literally want to kill myself XD","Simplest answer: People make crappy mistakes all the time. When you have a crap system that advances crap people to the top, they make crap decisions. Wasteful decisions. They think they're devoting all these people to something helpful and useful, when they're not. Bullshit jobs typically exist because someone thinks they're useful. That someone is usually bullshit at their job, hence a bullshit mistake.","&gt; Simplest answer: People make crappy mistakes all the time. When you have a crap system that advances crap people to the top, they make crap decisions.\n\nBut there are usually consequences to bad decisions and mistakes, right?  ","Sure. Those consequences disproportionately affect those who did NOT make the crap decision, because power allows you to shield yourself from harm. That's why bankers who tank the global economy are walking the streets, and people who get caught with a joint go away for life.\n\nA bad practice is also not always disastrous. Instead, it's often a slow leak that's hard to identify and isolate.\n\nImagine a workplace where employee breaks are not strictly enforced. A new manager is promoted. They believe that the workplace needs more stringent enforcement of break policies. This manager makes justifications based on esoteric concepts of discipline, but the reality is that their motive is social: they wish to make an impression as a leader by making a bold move which shows not only influence over the work environment, but also individual behaviors.\n\nThis new enforcement requires additional staffing hours. The management is now given an extra task. Instead of focusing on their real work, they now have to act as breakroom police.\n\nNow also imagine that during this time, sales improve. Sales are not the same as productivity, but no one is taking the time to measure productivity. Sales can be affected by a number of outside forces, most obviously supply and demand, as well as seasonal consumption, and unrelated business practices. Perhaps a particularly clever shipping deal was struck around this time, allowing for wider distribution.\n\nNonetheless, the increase in sales combined with the esoteric rationalization of the increased enforcement lead to the false impression that the program is a success. It could take months, perhaps even years, for the decrease in productivity to become measurable. It might express itself as swift employee turnover. And even once all the information became available, the motives of ego protection give the management every reason to ignore the evidence and lay the blame on some other component.\n\nIn this scenario the bullshit is so thoroughly buried in other forces, that it requires a complete absence of ego to make a rational analysis. And when it's YOUR idea, you can't divorce it from your ego. Without a proper peer system to keep the motives of ego in check, incompetent leaders have no way of identifying their own shortcomings.\n\nThe vast majority of the time, when someone makes a cataclysmic business mistake, it doesn't become obvious what that error was until the company no longer exists, lives have been ruined, and historians have had time to sift through the information.","&gt; Without a proper peer system to keep the motives of ego in check, incompetent leaders have no way of identifying their own shortcomings.\n\nASI will solve that.","What does advertising contribute to society?","In the best case scenario advertising bring useful quality of life improving products to the attention of people who would otherwise have no idea such a product existed. It doesn't always serve that purpose but it still answers your question.","He says its mostly from the private sector...cant post link but youtube:\"bullshit jobs graeber\" and he talks about it at length.","Many middle managers justify their next pay raise/promotion by showing how big their \"empire\" is.","No, most government bureaucrats do useful work, even if some people dislike the work they do. They do have this in common with a lot of private employees in the institutions, though: the positions they fill are as much about accomplishing a task as they are about spreading around the wealth that an industrialized economy creates. It's just a shame that up until now having a job was the only way to share in that wealth.","&gt; No, most government bureaucrats do useful work, even if some people dislike the work they do.\n\nMaybe I was a bit harsh on bureaucrats in general.  Yes, they probably do some useful work.   ","Many employers get benefits from the government for providing jobs too.","They do though, I've worked in some very professional private sector jobs where people provide very little benefit to the business even if they are paid a high salary. People will hire their friends and put them in fairly pointless positions. People will have stayed at the company for such a long time they are given jobs that don't really serve much purpose because management either doesn't want to or can't fire them.   \n\nPlenty of large corporations and up with positions similar to \"government bureaucratic jobs\" just because the organisation structure is so big. People end up in a position they've worked in for years and the economic benefit of it has been completely lost as the company has changed and it goes unnoticed.\n\nI've had a manager that wasted millions on failed projects and making poor decisions maybe his job was beyond meaningless and actively harmful. Organisations can grow to be very complex, people can fly under the radar and end up collecting lots of money without doing very much at all.","The jobs do make money for that company, but the company is providing no real benefit to society. If the company vanished tomorrow, nobody but the people that work there would give a shit.","There are all kinds of requirements placed on corporations by government that force them to create jobs that produce no value.\n\nSo yes, absolutely private companies have \"bullshit jobs\". ","Could you give an example?","Worked for many post houses, and tv stations that would have tons of downtime or very little work for people to actually do. Just sitting around the office kicking a soccer ball around until shooting starts at 9pm or waiting for a client.\n\nAlso, in Los Angeles producers pay for multiple assistants to get them coffee or drive their prostitutes home. It's just a bunch of stupid little tasks that they really shouldn't be giving them. My girlfriend even had to order flowers for her producers wife on Mothers Day because he couldn't even do that.\n\nIt's just mild slavery.","I shoulda got into post production instead of production where we bust our ass 12-18 hours a day.\n\nAnd let's not say \"LA producers\"  let's say \"some\" because the ones I work with in LA don't have personal assistants, they have on the job assistants who are done when the day is done.  \n\nI know it exists but that was a little too much hyperbole.","Aside from the examples everyone else is mentioning, UBI would help us to stop looking at jobs as a resource. We could stop rewarding people for \"creating jobs\", when those jobs are soul-sucking 16-hours a week, below minimum wage jobs with no healthcare or benefits and focus on creating fewer, and could actually afford to focus on the quality of the jobs created, because everyone wouldn't need a job any more. ","Basically it eliminates needing a job. There is no more need. Now that I think of it, it offers freedom and liberty so there is that too.","1. We already spend $927 billion a year on welfare.\n2. That money can be used to fund most of a UBI.\n2. A proper UBI will be lower then a full time minimum wage job.\n3. So, it will not discourage work for the vast majority of people.\n4. Those who won't work under UBI, don't work now. (See #1)\n5. But some will use the money to actually improve their life ...\n6. And consequently are more likely to get jobs eventually.\n7. If the UBI is too high, inflation will adjust to offset the imbalance.\n8. This is not Socialism; it's a floor function applied to Capitalism.\n","That works out at around $2800 per person. To pay people even $12,000 each would cost $4trillion","It gets taxed away from anyone who makes over a certain amount, though. So yes, everyone gets it, but not everyone actually keeps it, so the cost is actually much lower.","So how is this different from welfare? ","Everyone gets, say, $1k a month. Those at the bottom will be taking that money for 'free' (welfare) but those at the top, and higher middle class will be paying it all back in taxes, plus a little to a lot more to cover the people at the bottom. The middle class will break even, so they don't count towards to cost. The difference is EVERYONE gets that money to use, and literally everyone should be able to eat once per day and have shoes on their feet.","It needs to be *meaningfully* less then a full time job. I probably should have been more clear on that point.  A good figure would probably be between $600 and $1,200 per month -- something a little less than a part time minimum wage job.","$1200 a month is $14,400 a year.  So even more money. ","I really want to hear from people who say UBI is unrealistic about solutions to the problem of having millions of young people pushed out of work by forces beyond their own control. Doing nothing and saying \"Fuck them\" normally leads to your type being on the violent end of a guillotine if history has taught us anything.  ","Does anybody know what if any effects on birth rate could be predicted because of this?","I hope this helps: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Income_and_fertility\n","Thanks, I'm not sure this quite relates though.  \n\n\"The higher the degree of education and GDP per capita of a human population, subpopulation or social stratum, the fewer children are born in any industrialized country.\"\n\nNone of these apply here, right?","One thing about UBi I don't get is how to find people willing to do jobs that are unpleasant and can't be automated. Like cleaning toilets...","The janitors will become high-paying jobs, is all.","Which, in all reality, it should be. ","That in turn will create a real incentive to automate that work.","Or to develop skills past that of those possessed by a 16 year old.","You know any 16 year olds that can clean a toilet? I'd be impressed.","Me working at Food Lion at 16 sure could. I made those heads so spotless the Virgin Mary herself would be proud to go in there and take a dump.","I could clean toilets 3 years ago! It's really easy.","Ask japan, they clean their school toilets.","It's simple really, you pay them for what the job is actually worth, not what the rich think it's worth.","&gt; can't be automated\n\nI see that you don't have much faith in engineers then.","It's a lack of faith in people, not engineers.  The kind of scum that shit up the walls and throw their used tampons at the ceiling trying to get them to stick, yeah... automate cleaning that.","&gt; automate cleaning that.\n\nIt'll still happen.","Yep. Anyway, those are edge cases. You could still have regular automated \"janitors\" that do the routine tasks, and hire specialists for when edge cases happen.","I think that everyone is thinking of a robot that will replicate a human in the cleaning of things like that, when the best way is just to have the walls clean themselves, by making them hydrophobic, and maybe having a sprayer or something to clean the wall. That would make it a lot easier to automate, even if things like walls and ceilings get dirty.","cover the walls and floors with crawlers that scrub and map and cling to surfaces. Smaller ones will even clean the toilets. You might feel a little tickle and a squirt when you sit down. ","Maybe they can be automated, but it is really difficult and will take a few decades to do so.  \nIt is 'easy' to built a robot to do one spicific task, like a production line robot or a selfdriving car. But building a universal robot needed for many service jobs is really hard. ","It only has the clean the surface right in front of it.\n","You pay people to do them. Just like today, but now people get the UBI + the salary. ","I get paid between $18-$25 an hour to clean toilets depending on the contract. \n\nAnyways, finding people to do unpleasant jobs is not a big deal. There are people right now, such as myself who are doing them and that's not going to change. ","Truthfully spoken. ","The more I see of different perspectives on UBI, the more I see the positive effects in the long term. If a couple were to have babies, the current financial system may require both parents to work just to survive. The child gets lowere quality parenting. With UBI, less time should need to be spent making not enough money and spent being a quality parent to your child. The potential long term benefits are huge.","Along with next generation education with advancements in VR tech, children would grow up smarter, more engaged, and with better parenting care.\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nWe're at the time with UBI where we were with gay rights 20 years ago, with enough time and discussion we can sway public opinion regarding it, it's all about presenting factual data in an engaging format. ","Yes, I see it being a good thing. How do we spread the word?","This nation, this world... Are not ready for a universal income. But soon enough. 2030, 2050, 2060... I know, at least, that it will be within my lifetime. Knowing America, it will not be implemented until hundreds of millions have already become unemployed by automation, but nonetheless, it will come. Inevitably. These arguments... are irrelevant.","Rutger Bregman is some no-name Dutch \"journalist,\" he has no credentials in economics. He's just some guy selling a book promising free stuff without work. Why do farmers need to produce food anyways, don't they know they can just buy it at a supermarket?\n\nThe most damning thing about the article is that it doesn't mention costs of this massive redistribution program anywhere. No mention of negatives, just how this glorious program will create money and free stuff out of nowhere.\n\nIn the U.S.A., a UBI of $30,000 a year, the minimum required to be above poverty if you don't want universal healthcare (which would cost $3 trillion a year in itself) would cost **7.5 trillion a year.** A UBI of $15,000 with universal healthcare would cost $6.75 trillion, almost the same. Adding in the cost of government and socialism would account for the majority of economic activity, without accounting for reduced productivity as many would inevitably chose not to work, resulting in reduced GDP. Instead the productivity in other countries without UBI will be increased, countries like China and Mexico. This article and similar UBI propaganda never mentions this.\n\nUBI is simply rebranded socialism and nothing more.\n\nI didn't read the book, and don't plan to, I don't want to finance this charlatan. However apparently the book also advocates open borders and a 15-hour work week, it's almost like it was designed to promote the worst possible policies to destroy a country.","&gt; $30,000 a year, the minimum required to be above poverty\n\nThe US poverty rate is about $12,000 for a one-person household and $24,000 for a four person household.","&gt; without accounting for reduced productivity as many would inevitably chose not to work, resulting in reduced GDP\n\nNot if UBI is introduced after the automation wave hits and half the population will be unable to find a job even if they want one.","the automation is coming. self driving cars and automatic cashiers/shelf stockers will instantly eliminate like 1/3rd of all jobs","&gt;instantly\n\nThe only way automated systems like these would become the norm is if they were cheaper and more reliable/adaptable than humans. That's a long way away, and even if it happens, big corporations will get the tech before smaller companies, so it won't by any means be instant","Some benefits of a Robot:\n\nDoesn't get sick, pregnant, takes vacation or a day off, doesn't need to sleep or rest, doesn't loaf off, does his job accurate 24/7 365 days the year, will not ask for a raise, will not ask for any kind of benefit, can be easily replaced without work protection laws in its ways, can be upgraded to be more productive or cheaper.\n\nThe list goes on and on.\n\nIf you have a robot which can do the job of a human, you have a better worker.\n\nEven if the robot would cost you a bit more (now or in general), the robot would be more productive and thus generate more profit.","The US poverty line is closer to $12k, and no that doesn't include health insurance.  When I was looking at UBI before, the economists had calculated the ideal amount for the US at $6k annually.  So it cannot replace employment unless you want to live in a commune.  Even some libertarians advocate inflation of the money supply as the fairest form of taxation.  So one way it could work is that the government simply prints out checks for $6k and mails them to people.\n\nEdit: I should add to make it clear.  One normal assumption of basic income is the existence of a progressive income tax, so that quite a bit of the money is also destroyed at the end of the tax cycle.  If you make a good income all of the basic income is taxed at a high marginal rate.","Your basic income wouldn't be taxed, but any additional income would be.","Your sums are wrong - taxation still applies. Anyone earning above a certain amount is taxed so that their entire sum of UBI is taken back and then some more.\n\nUBI is just a mechanism to eliminate administration costs. It's easier to give money to everyone and tax it away from higher earners than it is to run complicated systems that assess on need/income/marital status and so on. ","/u/Tips_Stetson is complaining about credentials in economics and can't even grasp the really simple concept of UBI.\n\nCapitalism is failing hard at the moment. Free trade is benefiting only multinational corporations. Only the owning class is benefiting from the ever increasing productivity of human labor. Time to toss the economic theories that have created this ridiculous system we have now. Time to do things differently. We can easily provide everybody with UBI if we want to.","Wouldn't the UBI money circulate within the economy? If so, it's probably less than a trillian a year.","&gt; However apparently the book also advocates open borders and a 15-hour work week, it's almost like it was designed to promote the worst possible policies to destroy a country.\n\nYeah, he is such an asshole.\n\nHow DARE he take away my 60 hour workweek and provide a social safety net when automation takes my job.  /s","&gt;UBI is simply rebranded socialism and nothing more.\n\nBecause UBI=workers control of the means of production?","What is a Job? A job is you giving up time for money. \n\nYour money buys goods and services you use those to take care of your family. \n\nThe goods an services you buy support companies who are constantly trying to be more profitable and technology is replacing jobs. \n\nWe can all agree that technology has changed a lot since we were kids and we can also agree that the rate of technological advance is accelerating.\n\nIt is possible by the time our children are adults that the loss of jobs will have exponentially increased. \n\nSo now you have no jobs. And no money. Companies have no customers and your family struggles to survive. \n\nI'm not advocating either way I'm just saying that when your dead your opinion means nothing. Do what is prudent and focus on first things first. ","I felt this was a perfectly reasonable comment at first and that you made some good points. However after reading your other comments, I think you are just taking most of these arguments out of your ass. You seem to make the same arguments by exaggeration every time when you are commenting on UIB.\n","Now with the paid corporate shills getting publicity, I wouldn't be at all surprised that this account is one aswell. It' is failing hard at the arguments, just pandering to feelings.","Except we have a shadow banking system that loans out tens of trillions of dollars a decade...\n\nThere is no math you could come to that would imply \"we can't pay for it\"\n\nIt's just absurd. We can print tens of trillions of dollars with no inflation, we can certainly sustain universal income as THE STRONGEST BY FAR economy on the planet.\n\nAmericans aren't some piss ant nation without the most robust banking system on the planet backing us up\n\nAnd the top 25 richest people in this country have a lot more wealth than the bottom 120 million fucking Americans. You could double their net worth today on the backs of 25 people.\n\nPeople who say this have absurd bean counters assumptions, they have no idea how the worlds banking system works. If we fail every nation on the planet comes down with us. We can print as much as we want","&gt; People who say this have absurd bean counters assumptions\n\nLol. After you say this: \n\n&gt;we have a shadow banking system that loans out tens of trillions of dollars a decade...\n\nAs if derivative value and writing checks are even close to the same thing in practice. \n\n&gt;You could double their net worth today on the backs of 25 people.\n\nWhich does what exactly? Move the new low water mark, which, in the long run, brings us right back to where we started? Is that your solution? Government redistribution for short run \"prosperity\" through the use of a new welfare program? \n\nHave you actually thought about this? \n","Have you?  Economics is not a zero sum game, and the last time I checked there were more people so the system can handle more money.  We've refined redistribution for millennia because concentrated wealth causes more problems than solutions.  This is just another form that allows everyone to benefit from technology.","UBI is useless now, inevitable in a pre cashless post automated world, and useless in a post cashless post automated world.","Basic income? To the front page!","My recycling job is so political. So much free time","No way trickle up will be any worse than trickle down.","A \"living wage\" basic income would be required to do the things this article talks about--but I think there are few supporters for a basic income at the \"living wage\" level--it is too expensive and has too many negative side effects. ","We don't know the side effects of a UBI well enough to say if it's too expensive or has too many negative side effects. We've had a few small-scale experiments and that's it.","A few small-scale experiments that had few negative side effects and many positive one's I might add.","We already have a UBI in the US...it's for the major banks though. ","Don't forget about oil companies, telecoms, and other too big to fail corporate giants!","Living wage is the only thing that makes sense though. Everything under that is just providing cheap (subsidised) labour to the owners.\n\nThe reason its not being proposed as full wage is because it's so unpopular to give money like UBI. Not because of negative side effects. The advocates are just trying to get the discussion started with less fearsome figures.","You guys know basic income will never happen right?","Looking around the world...\n\n~~You guys know marijuara legalisation will never happen right?~~\n\n~~You guys know universal healthcare will never happen right?~~\n\n~~You guys know free higher education will never happen right?~~\n\n~~You guys know women voting will never happen right?~~\n\n~~You guys know the end of segregation will never happen right?~~\n\n~~You guys know the end of slavery will never happen right?~~\n\nYou guys know basic income will never happen right?\n\n","The house passed a negative income tax in the 70s.  It's not actually all that out there.  I expect it'll be taken very seriously if mass unemployment actually hits or if such programs get going abroad. ","Literally inevitable. Your grand kids will have to deal with it, though, because we don't ever do anything in the US until we're on the precipice of disaster.","Far more likely that as unemployment rises we will see a revolution from the masses with nothing to lose. The world burns down and we spend a few centuries trying to get it right. This may be exaggerated a bit but if you continue to take away from the majority they will eventually come for you. ","Man who guys are out of touch.\n\nLook at the great depression. Unemployment was high and food was limited. Did you see any uprising then?","You must be joking. There was a very real threat of a worker's revolution in the States during that period. That's how come the New Deal, WPA, Social Security, minimum wage, unions, and on and on.","There was a legitimate threat of uprisings. It was also a universal detriment and not a fixated oppression. Taxes were lessened and many odd jobs created for the common man to try and help people make it through. I haven't read any stats on common crime during this period honestly so I'd have to do research on that one. The biggest difference would be that these multi national companies can reduce their price margin significantly with advanced automation. So they are less likely to hire out job positions and far more likely to save money. Why not tax them for using high levels of automation and use that as a means to fund more food programs for those who need help? ","Yeah, the Nazis.","I'm no expert, and this might be a simplistic view, but I keep seeing all these articles about UBI and I still have no idea where all this money is coming from.\n\nPeople keep saying to tax the ultra rich, but there is a reason why these massive companies get all these large tax breaks. In order to innovate significantly you need to take major risks, in hopes that you get a reward (in this case money).\n\nIf you decrease the reward by increasing taxes, we will end up seeing much less innovation, causing the human race to stagnate.\n\nYoung children understand this perfectly. When I was young playing in the playground, usually there was a kid that owned the ball. Sometimes he was a little shit, and some people didn't like him, but we had to make him happy because if you piss him off he takes the ball home and nobody can play.\n\nSo the best way to get the money is to tax the middle class. I make a decent amount of money, some would say more than necessary, but If the government decides to increase my taxes it's not like I'm just gonna stop working.\n\nNow we have the super rich are still allowed to be super rich so they can advance technology, and  the middle class is brought down to a level of income slightly higher than the basic income. This causes an even larger gap in income, how is that a good thing?\n\nAgain, I might be completely wrong, but the only thing I hear defending the fact that UBI is possible is AI and automation, and in my opinion we're just not there yet. Just because we have computerized fast food ordering station doesn't mean we have completely eliminated the need for minimum wage workers.","&gt; In order to innovate significantly you need to take major risks\n\nUnfortunately, big companies are actually pretty risk-averse, regardless of the \"risks\" they take. Most innovation comes from incubating companies, and are purchased by large companies like a game of hungry hungry hippos. \n\n&gt; If you decrease the reward by increasing taxes, we will end up seeing much less innovation, causing the human race to stagnate.\n\nThere's probably a point at which this occurs. However, there is also well documented value in providing a safety net so that people who want to risk it all on a crazy idea can do so and not *die*. There's also well documented value in providing a thorough education so that the cost of innovation is not as high. Having a well educated populace allows these feats of science just as much as having the funding to do so (because it helps the funding go farther). \n\nAnd you aren't wrong to consider that, again, *at a certain point* it's possible to have too many educated people and too strong of a safety net. As someone in the engineering \"industry\", I can tell you that there are far too many jobs that need to get done and far too few people at too high of a cost for this to be a concern. The balance is tipped *very* far toward saving companies tax money, rather than saving companies R&amp;D expenses. \n\n&gt; Now we have the super rich are still allowed to be super rich so they can advance technology\n\nThe problem isn't that the rich are rich. The problem is that the rich are *so rich* that it's virtually impossible for anyone to join them. You can't physically work your way into their ranks, you *have* to own stake in a company, preferably one that goes public. That environment is not available to everyone. \n\nWe need to create environments where everyone has a similar chance to succeed. Right now, we limit education for poor and minority students, and this is one of the greatest barriers to entry. \n\n\n","&gt; Unfortunately, big companies are actually pretty risk-averse, regardless of the \"risks\" they take. Most innovation comes from incubating companies, and are purchased by large companies like a game of hungry hungry hippos.\n\noh yeah, I totally get that, but usually these companies' innovation is built on top of existing technology, which is generally developed by major corporations with huge R&amp;D budgets. Once the small company manages to be relatively successful (or show potential) the only way to take it to the next level is to be acquired by a much larger company with better resources (of course there exceptions, but this is the majority of the cases I see). Now as risk averse as these companies are, i'm sure they would be even more hesitant if you take an additional X% out of their possible profits.\n\n&gt; However, there is also well documented value in providing a safety net so that people who want to risk it all on a crazy idea can do so and not die\n\nI also agree with having a safety net available, but that should be something that is used for unforeseen circumstances, things that are out of a person's control. I believe that these situations do exist, and we should help people, but what I don't agree with is providing this safety net for someone who wants is to have more \"leisure time\" as the article suggests.\n\n&gt;  at a certain point it's possible to have too many educated people and too strong of a safety net.\n\nI am actually okay with this. Sure, we're not gonna have enough people to do the jobs that nobody wants to do, but if the trade off is that the entire population is well educated that is something I am 100% for, and in my opinion is a sign we have succeeded as a society.\n\n&gt; We need to create environments where everyone has a similar chance to succeed. Right now, we limit education for poor and minority students, and this is one of the greatest barriers to entry.\n\nWhile I agree that our education system has much room for improvement, as a minority who grew up poor I did not feel limited at all in terms of education. Of course there wasn't anyone on my ass pushing me to succeed, but every time I did something to make myself better, I was able to do it. When I moved to this country, I was surprised that you can have your high school education be as easy or as hard as you want it to be, you just have to make the choice. Most of the people I grew up with chose to take the easy path, while I took mostly AP and honors courses despite working almost a full time schedule when not in school.\n\nOverall I think we agree on most of the problems, just not the solution. I'm sure there is some middle ground that our representatives in government will figure out eventually.","This starts with the idea that the super rich are innovators and that is simply not true. ","\"but If the government decides to increase my taxes it's not like I'm just gonna stop working\"\n\nThis is exactly why the very wealthy won't \"take their ball and go home\". This whole notion of \"well, we better give the rich what they want or they'll close up their shops and leave America\" is such ridiculous bullshit. \n\nYou think they're going to give up the American market because we take more taxes? Wrong. They're not going anywhere, just like us in the poor and middle class have nowhere to go either. It's like when all the Tea Party assholes said that if Obama is elected they're moving to Canada. Or if he's elected for a second term they're really moving to Canada.\n\nSuuure, buddy. Sure you are. We close tax loopholes and the rich are taking their ball and moving to... Europe? Asia? The International Space Station? Ok, let's close their tax loopholes, stop them from parking billions overseas and call their bluff.\n\nOh, and they'll stop inventing stuff and innovating? Riiiiight. I can hear them at the boardroom now... \"Well, boys, they're raising our taxes and closing our gravy train loopholes. Shut down R &amp; D, shutter all the retail locations, sell the property at fire sale prices 'cuz America is dead to us. Fuck 'em, I hope they're happy that they killed innovation. If we can't rape them for a metric ton of profit and now we only get regular sized profits, we won't make ANY profit at all!\"\n\nYep, that's how it'll go down. /s","This is really uninformed on multiple points.  There is a point of diminishing returns where taxes suppress output.  The wealthy don't have a job like you, they have options.  I have a job right now that pays $1m per-year which really wouldn't be worth it to me if I was taxed another 10-20%.  I would either demand enough money to close the gap or semi-retire and work part time with much lower stress.\n\nThe people in boardrooms that you're characterizing are already investing significantly offshore due to the cost of doing R&amp;D here.  Are you not paying attention?  Look at what happens in India, Taiwan, China, even Israel, Ireland, etc.  Not just profits are moving off shore, not just manufacturing jobs, but engineering and design.\n\nThe S&amp;P 500 average profit margin is below 10%.  These companies can not fall much below that without their stock being significantly impacted.  Studies have shown that when they face extra taxes profits don't decline, it is passed on to employees and consumers.  They find ways of moving out of high-tax areas for as much as possible, depriving local economies of well paying jobs and other incidental economic activity.\n\nThere has been an inappropriately growing economic disparity but your characterization is a gross simplification that ignores the complexities of the issue.  There is not some simple solution where we tax the 'bad guys' more and it works out better for everyone.","Despite your attempt to obfuscate \"richguystuff\", it's actually a very simple issue at its core.\n\nWhen Frank Luntz tries to frame the issue as \"protect the job creators\" or \"makers vs takers\" it's an attempt to change the focus and sway national opinion. It's also a lie, it's propaganda sans truth.\n\nHere's the basics: American consumers drive the economy, not the widget manufacturers \"blessing us\" with their jobs. No \"job creator\" is \"creating jobs\" without a profit incentive, and the profit incentive wouldn't be there without consumer interest. \n\nBut without even marginal discretionary income, the average American consumer can't buy that widget, no matter how much interest there. \n\nIf Widget Corp has to make lower margins, maybe your million dollar salary becomes a half million dollar salary, and if you pack up your humidor and tell Widget Corp to shove it, there's no shortage of other embarrassed-they-have-to-play-the-public-golf-course-down-on-their-luck executives who would jump at the chance to make a half million a year... but Widget Corp isn't going to stop selling widgets just because it earns less than it did last year, and it's not going to abandon sweet American consumer cash because it's only taking ten tear-stained dollars this year per widget instead of twelve.  \n\nThe Panama Papers expose how much is being skimmed off the top and hidden, how billions and billions are routed to offshore tax havens, etc etc. The simple solution is to stop the fraud and skimming, make these \"bad guys\" accountable and pay their fair share of taxes. People don't want to hear excuses like they're \"already investing significantly offshore due to the cost of doing R&amp;D here\".\n\nWe know that the majority of new wealth goes to the top tenth of the top 1% (because it's been rigged to do just that), and people are starting to wonder if they'll ever be able to get past the breakers of the poverty line and take a shot at that American Dream we've heard so much about. Perhaps these people in the boardrooms should consider how to take the greed down a few notches so that we can have a real middle class again and vent some steam from this double boiler that's our 21st Century economy. \n\nI'm worried about what happens people have finally had enough. Are *you* paying attention to this \"inappropriately growing economic disparity\"? Conspicuous wealth may soon become less of a point of pride for the wealthy and more of a liability in the face of this disparity. Personally (and maybe it's a gross simplification), but I think if I was a rich guy and I couldn't muster the stones to work toward that goal I think I'd shift some investment cash into really, really excellent home security. \n\nWhen people lose everything they have nothing left to lose, and we all know how misery loves company. \n\n","If you slacked off at your $1m per year job because taxes were too high to be worth it, some other person who didn't have a chance because you had gobbled up that chunk of the economic pie would move in and take over that production. That's where these arguments of the rich taking their capital and leaving like some modern day John Galt fall down. If the people who own that part of the economy left, somebody else who is currently squeezed out by the big boys would just move in and take over, and be ecstatic at the opportunity. You act as if a 10% profit margin is the boundary of being worth it. Most companies would kill - KILL - for a 10% profit. Transportation is 4% normally, others are not much higher.","The economy is not a zero sum game.  My efforts don't take $1m from the economy, they generate much more.\n\nThere is not someone else who is as capable waiting in the wings.  If there was, I would hire them too.\n\n10% is just the average.  Some industries are lower, some higher.  You're missing the point.","You have a high opinion of your singularity. If you and other highly paid people are so essential to the economy, why doesn't it collapse when you die?","Bad assumptions all around.\n\n1) Critical issue off the bat; corporations are not supposed to make profit. Surprise! If they make profit, they get taxed. So, they try very hard not to make profit, at least on paper. That means moving acquisitions around and considering them losses, buying back stock, paying huge bonuses to executive leadership, etc. If you think hollywood accounting only happens to underinformed writers, think again. Point being, you're counting marginal taxes against the paper profits of the company, which have already been minimized to decrease any tax burden. Any additional tax burden will just be compensated on paper. That's why people who actually believe in a fair tax code suggest moving the tax burden to individuals, rather than corporations. \n\n2) Are you not paying attention? Look at what happens in India, Taiwan, China, even Israel, Ireland, etc.\n\nEngineering is not going there because it's lower tax, they're going there because it's cheap. It's the yak shaving that goes there. If you don't have an explicit and *very* detailed, contractual specification for what you want to get from them, you will not get it, because the vast majority of work done overseas is rote, easy, not groundbreaking components.","Well firstly, there is a distinction between 'the rich' and corporations. \n\nNot taxing the rich too much is more about having a diverse tax base. As it stands, the most wealthy contribute a large proportion of tax income in absolute terms. The fewer contributors who make up the tax receipts, the more volatile it is. \nIf 40% of the tax income comes from a thousand people, these 1000 get more power not less. If net 100 move abroad, die or retire, the impact on the economy is massive. You are much more dependant on these guys making their contributions. If they have a bad year, the whole country feels it. This will surely encourage governmental schmoozing, not reduce it.\n\n\n\n","&gt; \"but If the government decides to increase my taxes it's not like I'm just gonna stop working\"\n&gt; This is exactly why the very wealthy won't \"take their ball and go home\". \n\nI won't, but I go to work, come back home, and get a paycheck at the end of the week. If I fuck up, I don't lose anything, I don't go bankrupt. Now if someone comes to me and says \"you will now make less money, and if things go south, you will not only stop making that money, but you will lose what you have\" I would have a serious problem with it.\n\n&gt; Suuure, buddy. Sure you are. We close tax loopholes and the rich are taking their ball and moving to... Europe? Asia? The International Space Station? Ok, let's close their tax loopholes, stop them from parking billions overseas and call their bluff.\n\nI am 100% against tax loopholes, but let's be real here, that's not gonna get fixed anytime soon. When it does, and I really hope it is sooner rather than later, these corporations will move to.... The country that allows them to make the most amount of money. They're already parking billions overseas, manufacturing in China, and if it makes more financially to move the rest of the operation somewhere else, what makes you think they won't do that? Unless you're suggesting a global effort, but that's just naive.\n\n&gt; Oh, and they'll stop inventing stuff and innovating?\n\nNot completely stop, but these corporations have a lot of people smarter than me running numbers to determine whether or not to invest in something, calculating risk and reward. If you decrease the amount of money that can be made it would cause companies to make much safer bets, and that's not how innovation happens. Sure, stuff would still be invented, but at a much slower pace.\n","&gt; I won't, but I go to work, come back home, and get a paycheck at the end of the week. If I fuck up, I don't lose anything, I don't go bankrupt. Now if someone comes to me and says \"you will now make less money, and if things go south, you will not only stop making that money, but you will lose what you have\" I would have a serious problem with it.\n\nThis isn't the issue. Companies like GE have a very reduced tax rate and they still try to get it lower and lower. Not paying regular taxes doesn't mean \"if things go south, I'll lose it all\", it's just \"crap, we didn't make that extra billion dollars of gravy this year... am I not paying my lobbyists and congresspeople enough?\"\n\n&gt; I am 100% against tax loopholes, but let's be real here, that's not gonna get fixed anytime soon. When it does, and I really hope it is sooner rather than later, these corporations will move to.... The country that allows them to make the most amount of money. They're already parking billions overseas, manufacturing in China, and if it makes more financially to move the rest of the operation somewhere else, what makes you think they won't do that? Unless you're suggesting a global effort, but that's just naive.\n\nIt's not naive, it just takes iron fucking political will. It goes like this: *\"Look here... we've made some new laws and we're enforcing them. You want to keep selling widgets in America and making billions? I don't care who you've paid off or who comes to your summer house parties in the Hamptons. Pay your fucking taxes, stop hiding shit and make a few less billion or we'll shut down your operation here faster than you can speed-dial Hillary.\"*\n\n&gt; Not completely stop, but these corporations have a lot of people smarter than me running numbers to determine whether or not to invest in something, calculating risk and reward. If you decrease the amount of money that can be made it would cause companies to make much safer bets, and that's not how innovation happens. Sure, stuff would still be invented, but at a much slower pace.\n\nBullshit. These corporations like money and if they have NO OTHER CHOICE but to pay their actual taxes and abandon offshore havens, history shows they'll double up efforts on R&amp;D to make up for the loss. It spurs investment. If your boss cuts your pay and reduces your hours, do you say *\"oh well, let's just hang poolside until he comes to his senses.\"* No, you go get another job so you can pay your rent, and when corporations' bottom line drops, they spring into action to make up the shortfall so they can keep the profits up.","Are the people who make the most money the people who contribute the most to society?\n\nI really don't think so. I suspect that the people who make the most money are the people who own the means of production. There are definitely examples of brilliant innovators getting rich but that seems to be more the exception than the rule.\n\nI think the upper middle class is probably the group of people doing the most for society. Doctors, engineers, researchers (OK, the last category could definitely be making more money.)","Someone did the maths on Australia, if you get rid of all social benefits and policing of the benefits, then directly have it to everyone, it was a flat 8k to everyone (or something). Increasing taxes or at least removing tax loopholes is the next step\n\n\nEdit: source\n\n&gt;According to estimates by the Australian Bureau of Statistics, spending by all levels of government on social security and welfare stood at $156 billion in 2013-14.\n\n&gt;As Ms Novak pointed out, “each adult Australian resident could have received about $714 per month in a basic income guarantee during 2013-14, leaving the social security budget no worse off”.\n\nhttp://www.news.com.au/finance/economy/australian-economy/should-australia-seriously-consider-a-universal-basic-income/news-story/d35635c64bd5f089c92ebba54852bd3d","&gt;  middle class is brought down to a level of income slightly higher than the basic income\n\nThe other problem is people deciding their jobs aren't worth the trouble and just take the UBI.  Walmart kind of found this out when they raised the pay for their lowest paid and then everyone on up expected a raise to maintain the wage hierarchy.  ","That's another huge point. There are a lot of crappy jobs out there that just wouldn't get done if people didn't need to work.","= compensate people in some way to make it worth it\n\nI don't understand, anything less and it's slavery. How's paying minimum wage any different than slaves having room and board in their lords barn, no way to improve their situation because subordination/no time or money? Your master says pluck the fields monotonously for hours so you do it to get food and bed that night. Your master says turn the label forward for every can on these shelves and you do it otherwise you can't eat or pay rent in case they reduce your hours or fire you for insubordination. Its just extra steps and hidden behind currency.","\n&gt;People keep saying to tax the ultra rich, but there is a reason why these massive companies get all these large tax breaks. In order to innovate significantly you need to take major risks, in hopes that you get a reward (in this case money).\n\nThat's nice what about reinstating the estate tax at a lower barrier say $2M estates and up. We aren't taxing the corporations that way we are taxing the extremely wealthy. ","Can someone explain to me why we should get to take money from people simple because they have a lot of it?","Because they can part with more of it before it becomes difficult for them. This isn't about some perceived notion of fairness. If you take too much from the less well off they historically rise up and remind the elites how functionally useless the majority of them actually are in a fight.  ","My opinion, or at least some food for thought really, is that even if a UBI slows down innovation, I would argue it would be worth it. Having  society where every citizen is p much guaranteed a good/healthy life is much more important that being on the bleeding edge innovation.","I think it would totally be worth it. How many people that are currently in a useless job, could be incredible inventors/innovators if they weren't forced to spend so much time working just to survive? If they had the option to better themselves to get into the field where they want to do something worthwhile to help society?\n\nGiving people freedom often results in more culture. Culture and freedom allow for invention and innovation. When people don't have to worry about surviving, it frees us to think about how we can be useful. All most people want as a baseline is to be loved and to be useful. \n\nI'm all for a UBI. It still has it's problems to sort out, but in the big picture I think it will drive us towards a society that produces massive amounts of technological and social advances in the right direction, as well as far more great minds to work on our problems. ","If you restrict payouts to program revenue, no new money's required.  You'd just be skimming X% off the top of the income distribution curve and then putting it back flat. ","So you're saying that with the current amount of revenue the country generates we can pay a living wage to everyone? I'm sorry but I'm having a hard time believing that. Unless of course you increase taxes, which is the entire point of my comment","It doesn't have to be a living wage.  If I were king for a day, I'd run a 5% income tax (incl. capital gains, etc.) and deposit the revenue (less overhead) into USPS-run savings accounts for everyone 18+ citizen *not* living abroad.  This'd be enough to produce benefit and give great data on effects.  ","We are easily there and far beyond. UBI means providing basic needs to people (via money), we can provide those easily with the current technological level we have.","UBI can't solve anything. We've already been down this road - the Soviets, post war Eastern Europe and chunks of south east asia all implemented UBI, across hundreds of millions of people, and many decades of effort. It always ended up the same - labour camps, secret police and economic destitution.\n\nIt will not work.","&gt; It always ended up the same - labour camps, secret police and economic destitution.\n\nHow does basic income specifically lead to those things?","It was impossible to sustain without imposing strict wage and price controls, which lead to unconvertible currencies, which lead to shortage of basic consumer goods, which lead to increased emigration pressures, which lead to walls-and-barbwire to keep people from leaving, which lead to increased state security apparatus... ","Any suggested reading on this stuff? I'm woefully undereducated about communism and its history and economics and whatnot.","They are neglecting that all of the societies they mentioned are socialist states with most of them being Communist as well. ","Yeah, I didn't realize that UBI was a tenet of communism in those states, though. I've been searching for a bit but I haven't found anything that even says whether or not that was the case.\n\n*(edit: none of it sounds anything like basic income. food rationing, maybe, but that's very different. anyway most of the shitty effects OP mentions were caused by political paranoia and poor management more than anything else)*","If I am not clear forgive me. OP is wrong about most of what they are saying. There was UBI and price controls in the USSR and other communist nations because such systems require them like a bike needs wheels. ","[Political Pilgrims](http://www.amazon.com/Political-Pilgrims-Western-Intellectuals-Society/dp/1560009543) is a good book on Communism \n\n\n\nEdit for spelling and link","Wouldn't robot labor be the key to no one having to work again?","UBI is not even close to communism. Your comparison is weak. Soviets failed yeah, but they really never even got to communism, it was just another oligarchy. ","That situation results from two things.  More recently, treating people as a means to an ends rather than an ends in themselves.  More traditionally, by patronage, the oldest form of government.","We're in an age where mass surveillance is doing the same thing anyways. Freedom is slowly being taken away because government is able to do things much more quietly. From 100 page bills to media distraction by focusing on popular culture, we're losing our ability to resist changes despite living in a time of ever growing communication.\n\nI'm pretty sure UBI didn't cause the already glaring issues with specific communist countries, just because you're afraid of past communist countries doesn't mean socialism can't work. If you don't think socialism is a solution to the growing economic problems, what would you suggest to combat the loss of jobs from automation?\n\nA lot of times we ignore or forget history though, and problems like my first paragraph happen because of it, so I'm definitely cautious of communist ideologies. I'm not going to dismiss any ideology until I see what works, I'd rather see change for the better than I would cower in fear of the past.","Actually, I don't think any of the former socialist states had UBI at all. What they did have was a fair[er] distribution of national wealth through social welfare programmes such as free health and education systems, paid holidays and maternity coverage, heavily subsidised housing and holiday resorts, and so on. \n\nThe one element that might be seen as a distant but false relative of UBI was the high social tolerance of free-loaders - people who were formally employed because employment was legally guaranteed to all, but who failed to pull their fair share of work in the workplace. Most people worked hard and felt pride in their work but there was always a small percentage of freeloaders who exploited the system. \n\nAll of this to say that you can't say UBI will not work just based on the historic experience of former socialist countries. I do happen to think that UBI would be problematic but for a different set of reasons. ","Reminder that \"bullshit jobs\" can exist only because Li Xu is willing to work $2 a day to feed his family","When the alternative is to let them starve, what do you do?","Seriously. I can't believe this dude is blaming the people trying to feed their families instead of the employers exploiting them. ","[removed]","1. Crackheads need rehabilitation, and generally need to connect with people/the world again due to misfortunate events. See Portugal.\n\n2. The middle class is already shrinking. The middle class shrinking is what's bringing this up repeatedly on reddit.","lol keep that mindset and keep being a shitty country.","Keep being a shitty country? Ha. Number one baby. ","I wonder if it'll also help with decidophobia.","Universal Basic income is a good idea, only to be screwed up by the Universal Basic income per household and not per person and with the sky-rocketing real-estate prices.","UBI also helps solve the problem of lack of robots and automation. \n\nThere are still many bullshit jobs which could be automated, but it's much cheaper for an employer to keep paying minimum wage than it is to get the capital together to invest in automation. ","Once a 50 000 dollar robot has been paid for, it can be used for year after year. A single investment in automation would pay itself off shortly thereafter. \n&amp;nbsp;\n\nYou don't have to pay it healthcare benefits, it's never tired, late, or does it complain about working conditions, and it works around the clock. Human's have reached their usefulness in general working environments through no fault of their own, and we should be okay with this. Most jobs that require work that could be replaced by bots shouldn't be performed by people anywho.","Some UK figures:\n\nA standard 37.5 hour week and statutory minimum holidays of 5.6 weeks means 1740 hours per year worked.\n\nA minimum wage worker at 18 costs £5.30/hour in basic wages, but after pension and employers national insurance as well as paid holiday that works out as £6.15/hour assuming absolutely no other overheads in hiring/managing. It'd be £8.90 for a 25yo.\n\nAssuming the robot can continue to work for 5 years before needing to be replaced completely, a cost of £53k/robot would break even with a human if you only needed a single shift covered. However, a regular 37.5 hour week with holidays means each person covers ~20% of a total years hours. If you have enough employees, or can rent out the robot (say a cleaning robot) then an equivalent 18yo minimum wage worker for 24 hours/day over 5 years would be £270k, and a 25yo minimum wage worker would cost £390k.\n\nAnother way of looking at those numbers is how much could a robot cost (max) while still being cheaper to borrow that money instead of hiring staff. A £6.15/hour worker for 24 hours and 30.5 days is ~£4500/month, equivalent to the cost of a 5 year £225k loan at 7% or £250k at 3%. Our 25 year old worker is equivalent cost to a £325-350k loan.\n\nSo in the UK, if reasonably general workers become available in the region of a few hundred thousand pounds each, they may be cheaper than staff. \n\n\\* Note, neither set of figures includes downtime, or any other overheads. Robots may need maintenance and humans require layers of HR, training and more. The point is more that even with a fairly high cost (hundreds of thousands), bad interest rates and short lifespans (5 years), it's possible it'd still be a fairly easy choice.","UBI sounds like an idea worth exploring.  However, it might reduce economic disparity while exacerbating a power disparity by making people even more dependent on the government and big businesses than they already are.  The big businesses would be the ones paying the taxes to the government, who would dole out the UBI to everyone.  This could easily lead to an even more perverse alignment of big business and government interests.  And we all know that those interests don't always align with the general interests of the people.  History is littered with excessively powerful people and groups who used their power for their own good.\r\n\r\n","Yeah, I don't know about this. I think it's eventually a good idea, but needs to be carefully done. maybe it could be funded by some kind of automation fee that companies pay when then cut jobs when they buy robots or something. Otherwise, where does the money come from?","Why do people think that UBI is going to be better than all our current combined welfare/insurance programs in existence? I'm genuinely curious what people think.","I'm not sure it's so much that it will be better than, but the next logical step in social programs. We have a *very* real threat of automation replacing **[up to 80%](http://ei.marketwatch.com//Multimedia/2016/02/22/Photos/NS/MW-EF989_automa_20160222113602_NS.jpg?uuid=5c9acd98-d982-11e5-91e4-0015c588e0f6)** of work with a bot, and this should be embraced. It wouldn't make sense to replace current social programs such as universal health care with UBI, although current social programs (such as education) could be cut drastically due to our ability to record, reverse and interact with some of the best educators in the world in VR. Everyone in the world could have a world class education, set at a pace in which they learn. \n&amp;nbsp;\n\nA *much* higher GDP output could be reached with the replacement of people, productivity/output doesn't stop at a human level performance, people have essentially reached their peak usefulness due to no fault of their own.","Even in a crummy job you meet people. I worked in a department store as a clerk one Christmas season. The pay was very low, but I got the chance to meet hundreds of women as they passed through the stationary department. ","Nothing that almost any other cultural event couldn't provide you with the experience of, certainly not a reason to employ people. I would *much* rather spend that time with people I genuinely like to talk to. ","Therefore the people with productive jobs need to set aside enough basic income for the poor souls afflicted with a meaningless job.","I worked some shit jobs in my life and one thing i noticed is that there are people just not mentally capable of going out and getting a 100k a year job.  I don't think they should have to live in poverty because of it.  On the flip side i also dont want to have to pay out my ass to support there potetial subsidiary but i think giving something is certainly fair.","So give something.","Theres this really intersting thing we have in first world countries called taxes.  The government takes a substatial amout off each pay and use it for social services like welfare/health care and potentiality even universal income!","If people are too mentally enfeebled to work towards a high paying job, perhaps they could apply for disability.  ","Common man you have to know people that will be nothing more than service level employee's and also are not \"mentally enfebled\"  This topic is not as black and white as \"if you cant have a high paying job then your mentally disabled\"","Its black and white to me.  Getting paid while you don't produce anything in return using other people's money expropriated by force is immoral and frankly, quite stupid.","You must live a shelterd life.","&gt;Capitalism is failing hard at the moment.\n\nFunny, because it has pulled billions out of poverty around the world, but ok.","It's not capitalism doing that, it's human labour and cultural evolution. It would happen anyway, historically it has been happening long before capitalism was invented, but ok.","Funny, it evolved into capitalism, but ok. \n\nBiggest decrease in poverty happened during the industrial revolution to now.\n\nWhere farming was what most people did.\n\n&gt;It would happen anyway\n\nNot if commies got their way.","&gt; I'm working at a shoe store now\n\nAre you that guy from 'Married with Children'?","Really? Easily provide? How please do tell me where is the money coming from first off? How will it be implemented? How the hell would you even get most Democrats to support it much less Republicans? How would you handle the increase of inflation that would set in? ","Politics aside, you forget that it is not about money, money is just a tool like any other. It's about how much of the labour force we need to provide the basic needs, how much natural resources we have at our use. It's just this ridiculous notion that only by working one is entitled to eat. We have plenty of freeloaders already, and they are not the poor.\n\nUBI is not about money, it's about an ideology where we understand that people are equal, wage slavery needs to be abolished. It's a next step in human civilisation. Capitalism as we know it has failed, UBI would work well in our current economy to balance the scales.\n\nNow, I don't have time to write up a detailed plan about UBI, alas I don't get paid to support UBI, but in principle it is paid by wealth redistribution. You take a threshold level of income, for example US median $24 000 /year. People above that income would lose and people below would win. The threshold can be higher or lower.\n\nThe real costs might even be net negative to taxpayer, giving money to poor people is a good stimulus to economy, much much better than the bank bailouts. Poor people will use it 100%, and start doing business of their own when they can get past the apathy of the wage slavery they are in. And I wouldn't worry about inflation, capitalism is supposed to need it anyway, isn't it? Increase in inflation will hurt only the capital hoarders, and that's another plus if you want equality.\n\nBut really, this is not about money, although economists would like to make you believe that. It's about fixing a bad system. If we don't fix it peacefully, it will be fixed forcefully. Ruling class trough the ages has failed at fixing the system before collapse, lets try to beat that trend.","If it's all about the ideal and not money, then answer me this: where do my rights end and another's begin? Where do you gain the power to redistribute the wealth that I have to one who doesn't. Now don't spin this as Im against equality because the example I gave I don't even agree with, yet it is worth an answer.","You would have the same basic human rights as everyone else. And the ideology with UBI is to let also those less privileged than you have it.\n\n&gt;UN basic human rights Article 25: Right to an adequate standard of living\nEveryone has the right to a standard of living adequate for the health and well-being of himself and of his family, including food, clothing, housing and medical care and necessary social services..\n\nYou can compare this wealth inequality to robbing. Instead it is the oligarchs that are doing the robbing. \n\nIf I rob your money by force we, most agree that it's not my money to keep, but if I take your money by lobbying for monopoly for my broadband service and then charging you 100 USD for a service that is somewhere else 10 USD it is suddenly not robbery, but a successful businessman. The system is rigged for capital owners, and everybody would be better off if it was more fair.\n\nAnother perspective is that all the wealth you have is subject to the country you reside in, at least if you don't have your own army to defend your assets. In democracy you are at the mercy of a majority vote.\n\nPlease try to think about the bigger picture, and not only your own money, that's the way we are being controlled. 'Keep the poor fighting amongst each other' -is an age old strategy to divide and rule. UBI is only trying to make the system fair to all, you will be fine with it as well, most likely better off with increased stability that giving substinance to all will bring.","Don't ask questions, the socialist brigade has arrived in full force.","Seriously...I'm not even super against this but no one wants to even answer my questions. ","It can give the rich and poor what now only the super-rich possess, security and the freedom it comes with.","**Utter bullshit communist/socialists propaganda!**\n\nPeople who believe in the author of this article and his bullshit ideas apparently ignore the historical \"failure\" of Communism/Socialism!","It has nothing to do with Communism. It's actually a variable in Capitalistic models that we just assume to be zero. But it doesn't have to be. Simplistic example, but fitting enough, imagine playing Monopoly where no one collected $200 for passing Go.","&gt;Simplistic example, but fitting enough, imagine playing Monopoly where no one collected $200 for passing Go.\n  \nI'm stealing this. As in, I'm going to use it and pretend it was my own thought. \n","Gotta love usa hey? Is it something I can't get my little brain around... If yes then it's communism","This is why I never go through the self checkout lines. I don't want a store thinking it's ok to fire their cashiers and get robots, or to make me do it myself.","[deleted]","Is a one time grant of land really equivalent to a regular dispersement of cash?\n\nEspecially when you consider education was not valued nearly as much almost 200 years ago, in a largely non industrialized portion of the country? More land meant more farm work meant more children to help. It did not allow for your children to focus on specialization of skills and education, which out economy is much more geared towards now.\n\nThat study provides *some* insight, sure, but far from full relevancy.","Exactly, because nearly 200 year old data is relevant in the rapidly advancing technological world of today. ","This article shows everything great about UBI and does not even mention any cons. Where does this money come from?","From taxes, where government gets all it money.  The [Alaska Permanent Fund](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alaska_Permanent_Fund) is a precursor to the kind of thing envisioned by these schemes.","Panama might be a good place to start looking?","I don't know about you but i appreciate the street cleaner that is up driving around at 4am every day, i appreciate the garbage guys that bust their asses dealing with shit.\n\nIf they were not here, our streets would be dirty as shit. If you've ever been to Russia or China you will have witnessed how dirty their cities are. ","10% of people make more than $135,000 a year, and 25% make more than $85,000. Even with taxation the number isn't going to be much different.","&gt; You are not your job.\n\nB-b-but thats not what decades of brainwashing in school and on TV tell me! I have to get the SHINY money, so I can get SHINY car, so I can get SHINY house, so I can feel SHINY about myself!\n\nDon't take my SHININESS AWAY!  /s","If that is truly Albert Einstein, then I disagree with him on that almost all of it.  It's ok to be a genius physicist and be a socialist at the same time.  He should have been immigrated to the Soviet Union and see if he liked it there.  He'd live a slightly better life than the rest of the poor people, where profit is useless and quotas must be met (or at least falsified to satisfy the demands of the state).   \n\nLets break it down and let the downvotes begin!      \n  \n&gt; Production is carried on for profit, not for use.\n\nI guess there must be a bazillion iPhones and Lamborghinis in some storage facility.   If you don't need profit at all, and can produce anything at will (yes, imagine a genie granting unlimited Lambourghinis), why not?    \n\n&gt; There is no provision that all those able and willing to work will always be in a position to find employment\n\nCorrect.  There is no right to work in the US, and the US constitution mentions of no such thing.  The US government does not give you a right to work.  This is fine, I'd rather have that than the opposite.  The soviet's and mao's china do, and ye shall work or die because you'd be a burden to society if you don't work.  Capitalism doesn't guarantee you a job.  You want to be a blacksmith, tough luck because there's not much demand for a blacksmith.   \n\n&gt; The worker is constantly in fear of losing his job.\n\nWho is he talking about?  I have never been in fear of losing my job, and if I was to lose my job, I'd find another job.  Heck, union jobs are guaranteed not to be lost and unions today are arms of the political parties (which I am strongly opposed, unions used to be \"for the benefit/safety of the worker\" good, now they're \"for the benefit of the union bosses, agenda, and politicians\" good).    \n\n&gt; Since unemployed and poorly paid workers do not provide a profitable market, \n\nWhat's a poorly paid worker?  A burger flipper?  They make hamburgers.  A waiter?  They ask for orders and bring food to customers.  A cashier?  They operate the cash register and help customers move their products along.  A janitor?  They help maintain and clean buildings.  Are you telling me their job would be more important if they're paid $150 per hour instead of $15 per hour?  If they do not provide the business a profit, then yes, they wouldn't be profitable.  But they do and businesses rely on the workers services.      \n\n&gt; the production of consumers’ goods is restricted, and great hardship is the consequence.\n\nThe demand of goods and availability of resources usually drives the production of goods.  If something is in high demand, lets see if that something can be made a lot.  Example: noone is going to produce shoes made out of paper if paper shoes are not in demand and noone wants them.  What hardship is he talking about anyways?  Has he been to the Soviet Union where the \"best\" (relatively) stuff is in stores that are only to be shopped by government officials?  How about that time in Ukraine, once the breadbasket of Europe, where people resorted to cannibalism?  Can't fault global warming droughts for that Stalin mess, Einstein.  Not going to get into Mao's famines or North Korea's famines during a period where developed nations do not have their people starving.  \n\n&gt; Technological progress frequently results in more unemployment rather than in an easing of the burden of work for all.     \n\nThe horse and buggy gets replaced by the car.  I don't know if Einstein wants to go back to the horse and buggy.  I don't know if you can transport as much stuff with a horse and buggy as you can in a car.  I know Einstein is not a prophet, and you might have excused him of that brain fart but Einstein lived in the age of the car and the age of the horse and buggy!  You might be a genius but you cannot tell me that the horse and buggy are superior modes of transportation of people or products to that of a car.      \n\n&gt; The profit motive, in conjunction with competition among capitalists, is responsible for an instability in the accumulation and utilization of capital which leads to increasingly severe depressions. \n\nI'd rather have a profit motive than a quota motive.  I'd rather have competition among skilled people rather than forcing incompetence on how things are produced (please note, the stuff made in the soviet union, besides weapons, sucked ... there was plenty of contraband items gotten from elsewhere, especially jeans).  Competition makes for better products.  Depressions happen, but the worst of them all are from government and federal reserve tinkering with the money supply or bad economic policies. \n\n&gt; Unlimited competition leads to a huge waste of labor, and to that crippling of the social consciousness of individuals which I mentioned before.\n\nNot really.  People will strive to do better to compete with others.  People have a choice of whether or not to pursue a career, or invent something, or start a business, or whatever.  Noone's being forced to do anything.  Not sure how Einstein wants to distribute labor.  You pick a random guy in a crowd and tell him his job is a brain surgeon?  You pick another guy in a crowd and tell him his job is a janitor?  Is that the best way, Einstein?  Perhaps a lottery?  \n\n&gt; This crippling of individuals I consider the worst evil of capitalism.\n\nHow are individuals crippled?  You talking about those individuals in your utopias that disagreed with the government, sent to labor camps, firing squads, spy interrogation chambers?  I really wish you'd move there, Einstein, but for some reason you didn't.  Why you pick evil capitalist America, Einstein?  Why you want to cripple yourself?    \n\n&gt; Our whole educational system suffers from this evil.\n\nThe educational system is bad, and heading in the wrong direction.  But capitalism or competition has nothing to do with the reasons of why the educational system is bad.  \n\n&gt; An exaggerated competitive attitude is inculcated into the student, who is trained to worship acquisitive success as a preparation for his future career.\n\nNot sure about worshiping success.  At least they didn't have participation trophies back then for worshiping participation (note: they didn't have participation trophies in the soviet union and it was fiercely competitive to get into a state university to avoid conscription).    \n","The Soviet Union is dead, you know. Has been for lo these twenty something years. The opposite of American style capitalism is not necessarily Soviet style communism. And let's not forget that our American system is half capitalist, half socialist. For eighty something years at least, it has been a balance between the two competing ideas, and thank goodness for that! Capitalism is great for growing wealth, but it doesn't seem to have much useful to say about what to do with the wealth it creates. I say carry on with the balancing act!\n\nAnd, yes, that really was Einstein. He wrote a book called _Critique of Capitalist Economies_.","&gt; The Soviet Union is dead, you know.\n\nYes, I know.  My family and I left there in 1991.  \n\n&gt; The opposite of American style capitalism is not necessarily Soviet style communism.\n\nCorrect.  American style capitalism involves plenty of cronyism, keynesian policies, lots of debt, federal reserve... and it still outlasted the soviet system that had plenty of it's own corruption!             \n\n&gt; And let's not forget that our American system is half capitalist, half socialist.\n\nYou can call some public services like police departments, fire departments, public schools, military socialist ... they're paid via taxes.  The rest is private ownership.          \n\n&gt; Capitalism is great for growing wealth\n\nYes it is.\n\n&gt; but it doesn't seem to have much useful to say about what to do with the wealth it creates.\n\nWealth creates more wealth.  I trust people creating wealth to what they do with the wealth they create much more than I trust the government that takes part of their/my wealth and ... do things I don't agree with.     ","I say it's half socialist because the capitalism is regulated; it's not allowed to run unfettered, though it obviously has been leaning in that direction these past forty years. Also there are programs like social security, medicare, medicaid and estate taxes that try to keep too much of capitalism's spoils from accumulating in just a few hands, which is what I mean when I say that it doesn't have anything useful to say about what to do with the wealth it creates. Unregulated capitalism tends to just accumulate wealth in the hands of a very few: witness the more than $20 trillion currently hidden in offshore tax havens. Don't say it creates more wealth. I know you'll argue that the wealth goes back into the system to make more capital, but it just isn't true when so few have all the wealth. It just sits there.","&gt; I say it's half socialist because the capitalism is regulated\n\nRegulation by government isn't quite socialism (although it's very prevalent), but it's opposite of laissez faire.    \n\n&gt; it's not allowed to run unfettered, though it obviously has been leaning in that direction these past forty years\n\nProbably longer than that.\n\n&gt; witness the more than $20 trillion currently hidden in offshore tax havens\n\nPerhaps lowering the taxes solves this problem instead of driving out the wealth.  The incentive to hide the wealth decreases as taxes decrease.  \n\n&gt; I know you'll argue that the wealth goes back into the system to make more capital, but it just isn't true when so few have all the wealth. It just sits there.\n\nIf you're arguing that so few have all the wealth because they have so much and the rest of us have so little, you should rethink this.  Yes, they have more money and stuff than entire generations of your family but guess what, you are much better off materially right now than your grandparents ever were, with more comfort, medicine, technology, etc ...  That includes the grandparents of the rich people with more money than you'd know what to do with.  You can't tell me the same thing with any socialist system, no private ownership, wage control, price control, etc...  The spoils of capitalism extends far beyond \"the few hands\" because you can compare what people had then vs. what people have now.  The \"few hands\" are not the only ones that have iPhones, computers, internet, air conditioning, cars, easy access to food, etc.   ","Yes, we're almost all better off than Louis XIV was; I admit capitalism and industry have given us those things. However, most of us - including the preponderance of economists, philosophers and religious leaders: thinkers, in other words - believe that such an unequal distribution of wealth is really harmful to our society. I think the only real justification for this condition would be if those very few who have so much somehow deserved it. And that is an extremely difficult argument to make and have it be internally consistent.\n\nAnother reason to look askance at the current situation is that the middle class actually has less purchasing power now than they did ten years ago. Are you really arguing for a system in which the very wealthy are siphoning off economic power from hard-working, upstanding citizens who've made the effort to participate fully in society by following the rules and educating themselves, all while overall wealth continues to grow at an exponential rate? It's a position that seems difficult to defend.\n","&gt; However, most of us - including the preponderance of economists, philosophers and religious leaders: thinkers, in other words - believe that such an unequal distribution of wealth is really harmful to our society.\n\nReally?  Lets thinks this through a little.  Do all of us do the same thing, contribute in the same way?  Does flipping burgers provide the same as removing someone's tumor?  If the 2 were valued equally, then yes brain surgeons and burger flippers would earn the same.  Artificially equalizing distribution of wealth will end with bringing everyone down except those in power doing the redistribution (and that is only when comparing to everyone else, they'll be worse off than they were before).    \n\n&gt; I think the only real justification for this condition would be if those very few who have so much somehow deserved it.  \n\nWhat very few?  Are you comparing against people with more money than you'd know what to do with?  Are you talking about me?  I don't have much compared to the 1% but I am definitely sure my wealth was hard earned and I would not accept the wage of a burger flipper to do what I do (in other words, I would not work (doing what I do now) for a low wage because what I do requires extensive education, training, experience, effort, knowledge, etc....  \n\n&gt; Another reason to look askance at the current situation is that the middle class actually has less purchasing power now than they did ten years ago.   \n\nYou can thank inflation for it (less purchasing power of the dollar, not just for the middle class ... this affects everyone).  This is the fault of the government, the federal reserve, and their bad monetary policies.  Spending way more than taking in.  The debt has only gone up.  \n ","Blech on the debt argument. Since economic output, and thus wealth, double every fourteen years, government debt is actually good for our society. It's us borrowing against our future productivity, which we know as a matter of fact will be double what it is now in fourteen years. Almost all economists agree about this. A similar argument says that since inflation is natural and a healthy amount of it (~2 or 3%) is good for everybody, wages should at least keep up with inflation for everybody: they certainly have more than kept up for the rich. Why haven't they for everybody else? Because the rules of the game have been rigged to benefit the very wealthy at the expense of everyone else.","&gt; I trust people creating wealth to what they do with the wealth they create much more than I trust the government that takes part of their/my wealth and ... do things I don't agree with.\n\nHere's where I will strongly disagree. Wealthy people have no reason to act in your interests and frequently take action against them in every legal way possible (and sometimes even illegal ones) to secure greater and greater wealth for themselves. The few real wealthy philanthropists such as Bill Gates are exceptions to the rule.\n\nThe government, so long as it remains beholden to voters, generally does behave in your interests. You even said yourself that the government does things with taxes that I would presume you *do* agree with:\n\n&gt; You can call some public services like police departments, fire departments, public schools, military socialist ... they're paid via taxes.\n\nCurrently, I would say the biggest obstacle to keeping the government beholden to voters is a small body of extremely wealthy individuals, who are actively attempting to exact complete control over the voting population through control of (mis)information disseminated through corporate media.\n\nI would argue the government has not done enough to prevent extreme levels of wealth (which in our modern society is all but synonymous with power) from accumulating in the hands of any one individual or family. The most damaging sin the government committed against its own people in the last century was substantially lowering top marginal tax rates and estate taxes after the 60s.","&gt; \"I have never been in fear of losing my job, and if I was to lose my job, I'd find another job.\"  \n \nhttp://www.theguardian.com/society/2015/feb/11/unemployment-causes-45000-suicides-a-year-worldwide-finds-study\n\n","From the article:\n\n&gt; Nordt said that governments could help reduce suicide risks by investing “in active labour market policies that enhance the efficiency of labour markets [which] could help generate additional jobs and reduce the unemployment rate”.\n\nYou can reduce the unemployment rate by reducing taxes and have friendly economic/tax policies for all people and companies (not just those with lobbyists).  \n\n&gt; The recent economic downturn has caused about 5,000 deaths in 63 countries, whereas unemployment over the period 2000 to 2011 was responsible for 45,000, an analysis in the journal Lancet Psychiatry has found.\n\nFrom the year 2000 to 2001, here are some statistics on U.S. car fatalities (where we know 100% that a vehicle is involved): http://www-fars.nhtsa.dot.gov/Main/index.aspx\n\n2000: 37,526\n2001: 37,862\n\nwell, you've eclipsed the suicides supposedly attributed to unemployment in less than 2 years.  time to ban cars?\n\nFrom the year 2000 to 2001, here are some statistics on U.S. gun deaths (where a gun was definitely involved in a homicide or suicide):http://www.gunpolicy.org/firearms/region/united-states\n\n2000: 28,663\n2001: 29,573\n\nAgain, in less than 2 years the deaths by guns are more than deaths from unemployment.  time to ban guns?    \n\nHonestly, I don't know what the author's solution to the problem (unemployment causes suicides) is.  I've been happily unemployed for at least a year recently, traveled to places I couldn't travel when I was employed (because I can't work and travel at the same time), lost plenty of weight.  There are benefits to being unemployed.   ","1. \"I have never been in fear of losing my job, and if I was to lose my job, I'd find another job.\"\n\n2. \"I've been happily unemployed for at least a year recently, traveled to places I couldn't travel when I was employed (because I can't work and travel at the same time), lost plenty of weight. There are benefits to being unemployed.\"  ","Yes.  I've been unemployed on my own volition!  My contract ended, I traveled!  I enjoyed my time unemployed.       ","Einstein wasn't an economist and had very typical views for an intellectual of his era. Socialism was very popular among intellectuals in the 1920s ~ 1950s.","Economics isn't a science, but a bunch of doctrines.  The 'Nobel Prize' in Economics (not actually a real Nobel Prize) is given out by a bank.","way to dismiss a thought that many of us still have and agree with by saying absolutely nothing about why it is wrong/mistaken/oversimplified/etc.  \n\nYou come off sounding really smart but really you are just snide and dismissive.  You said nothing worthwhile and contributed nothing to the conversation.","His claims are made without evidence. They're just socialist items of faith. What's said without evidence can be dismissed without evidence.\n\nBut if you want a refutation of a similar line of argument, here:\n\n[There’s No Escaping Competition](https://fee.org/articles/there-s-no-escaping-competition/)\n\n\n\nSteven Horwitz\n \n“The motives of fear and greed are what the market brings to prominence,” argues G.A. Cohen in Why Not Socialism? “One’s opposite-number marketeers are predominantly seen as possible sources of enrichment, and as threats to one’s success.”\n\nCohen further notes that these are “horrible ways of seeing other people” that are the “result of centuries of capitalist civilization.”\n\nIf only we had a different economic system where people viewed each other as brothers and sisters in a common effort rather than competitors trying to grab the largest share of the economic pie.\n\nThe competition we see in the marketplace has the important advantage of creating benefits for the rest of society and not just the competitors.\n\nImplicitly drawing on Marx’s idea that the forces and relations of production determine the ideas people have and the way they behave, this criticism imagines that competition is a contingent feature of human interaction caused by capitalism.\n\nBut is it? Are we only competitive because capitalism makes us so?\n\nBy contrast, consider a line in my class notes for the day we start talking about competition in my Introduction to Economics course: “Competition is not a product of living in a capitalist society — it’s a product of not living in heaven.”\n\nDespite the dreams of the socialists, competition is not going away any time soon. As long as resources are scarce and not all of our wants can be fulfilled, humans require some way of determining who will get which goods.\n\nCompeting Versions of Competition\n\nSuppose for a moment that we want to figure out how best to allocate goods to consumers. In a market economy, we allow people to engage in competitive bidding to try to acquire the things they think are most valuable to them. But we can imagine other ways of allocating goods. Perhaps we ask people to line up. Or maybe we try to figure out who is more deserving. Perhaps we do it by the pure discretion of bureaucrats. Or we decide things Fight Club style. Would those end competition?\n\nI don’t think so. All that those methods would accomplish is to divert competition into less productive forms. For example, if we distributed resources first come, first served, does anyone doubt that people would find new ways to compete for an early place in line? Or think of the people who camp out for sports or concert tickets and the opportunity cost of the time they spend waiting rather than doing other things.\n\nOr if we did it by evaluating who is more deserving, wouldn’t people simply compete over what should count as the relevant moral criteria — and then compete to demonstrate that they deserve goods more than others do?\n\nImagine if a board of economic planners said they would distribute resources to the people who are most honest. It wouldn’t surprise us to see people then start to expend resources to convince the planners that productivity or intelligence were more important than honesty in distributing resources, nor would it surprise us for people to then compete to prove to the planners that they were the most honest, or productive, or intelligent. All of those forms of competition are wastes of resources compared to competing for consumers in the marketplace.\n\nOr imagine goods distributed by government fiat. Wouldn’t people find new and creative ways to compete to persuade the relevant bureaucrats to favor them? In fact, isn’t this exactly what we see right now as lobbyists engage in competitive rent-seeking to persuade legislators and bureaucrats to allocate more government goodies in their direction? The rent-seeking that takes place in Washington and the state capitals is just another form of competition — appealing to politicians rather than customers.\n\nWere resources distributed through might-makes-right, we can easily imagine the competition that would ensue for people to have the best weaponry or armor, or to hit the gym to get the strength and endurance they would need to survive the fighting. This, too, is competition, but of a very different sort.\n\nAs long as goods and services are scarce compared to wants, decisions will have to be made that involve some number of people not getting access to those goods. The fact of scarcity is what makes competition ubiquitous. And if there is a heaven, one of its defining characteristics is surely the absence of scarcity. Humanity has long dreamed of a Land of Cockaigne where roast chickens fly into our mouths without effort and where the seas are made of lemonade. Until that heaven arrives on earth, competition of some sort will rule the roost.\n\nHow Is Market Competition Better?\n\nIf we are going to have competition, then why prefer one sort over any other?\n\nThe competition we see in the marketplace has the important advantage of creating benefits for the rest of society and not just the competitors.\n\nConsider rent-seeking. It’s true that the exchange between a lobbyist and a politician is mutually beneficial. The rent-seeker, if successful, gets resources allocated in her direction, while the politician receives the free lunches and fawning attention from the rent-seeker — as well as some possible leverage over the rent-seeker down the road.\n\nThe competition associated with rent-seeking, however, does not benefit anyone else. In fact, the whole criticism of rent-seeking behavior is that expending resources to generate transfers of wealth — not to create new wealth — is socially wasteful. We would be better off if those resources were used to produce new and better products rather than to persuade others to transfer wealth to us, or to reduce the wealth of others.\n\nSimilar arguments can be made about all other forms of nonmarket competition. They all involve expending resources in ways that do not benefit society as a whole because they do not create wealth. They just divert resources from other uses to become part of the attempt to transfer existing wealth to another person or group.\n\nWhy Price Competition?\n\nThe other problem with all of those other forms of competition is that they ignore the question of where resources come from. There is no connection between the distribution of resources (and the form of competition that generates) and the supply of those resources.\n\nPut differently, how do any of those other processes create the knowledge signals and incentives needed to know what to produce and how to produce it to ensure that there are future supplies of goods? Think about Fight Club-style distribution. If everyone is busy pummeling each other to death to get existing resources, what incentive does that create for anyone to produce anything if they will have to spend even more resources to defend any wealth they might create? How would anyone know what to produce in such a world, and why would anyone want to produce it in the first place?\n\nDespite the dreams of the socialists, competition is not going away any time soon.\n\nIn a system where competition takes place through offering money to acquire resources, we get the emergence of prices, which serve as both the incentive for ongoing production and the information about what to produce. When buyers compete with buyers to acquire a good and thereby bid up the price, it tells existing and prospective producers that this good is more valuable and that they should produce more of it. Similar competitive bidding for the inputs into a production process informs other producers about what should and should not be used to make various goods and services.\n\nCompetition through money prices connects the competition over the distribution of goods with the production of goods in a way that no other form of competition does. In this way, market competition benefits not just the direct parties to the competition but all of us by encouraging the ongoing production of goods in ways that economize on resources.\n\nScarcity is a defining characteristic of the human condition, and scarcity means there will be competition over who gets what. Market capitalism has the great advantage of channeling that competition through the price system, which not only ensures an ongoing supply of goods but also encourages their efficient production.\n\nWe may not be in heaven, but the peaceful and socially beneficial competition of the market is downright heavenly compared to the alternatives.\n","That's a long winded quote and while some of it might be true it's more a philosophical quote than it is evidence.  It speaks of what markets are supposed to do but not of what they actually do.  They may ensure a supply of goods but they by no means take into account the full cost of providing said goods.  They find the cheapest way possible even if that fails to look at the long term consequences.","&gt;it's more a philosophical quote than it is evidence\n\nSame with the quote it's responding to.\n\n&gt;They may ensure a supply of goods but they by no means take into account the full cost of providing said goods.\n\nYou're stating this without evidence.","Yeah it's an outdated leftist idea that comes into vogue every couple decades ","I don't see us any close to such an implementation. In my opinion, it would take several years to even figure out how to put that in practice ","You're correct, it definitely will take several years to get the implementation right. ","This country didn't start redistributing wealth because \"concentrations of wealth were dangerous\", we did it because social mores felt it was a better way to keep people fed. Again, have you actually thought about this? ","I have, but it's clear you have not.  Money that doesn't change hands is worthless to an economy and if the holders of that money won't spend it, then more should be created so that it can take its place.  Your username gives a clue to the falsehood you are peddling...labor is not money and hasn't been for a long time.  Most extreme wealth concentration does not come from labor, but from rent seeking.","&gt; from rent seeking\n\nWhich is also why I am a proponent of reducing the power of government. Government is the problem. You presume government can fix the problem, then explicitly blame the institution most responsible for the problem. Quite hilarious. ","Ah, I know you and your kind.  You see any evidence of less-than-perfection with capitalism and find a way to blame government or tyranny or some other pathological patriotic bullshit so you can double down on this centuries' version of trickle down economics.  \rIf only we all would just get out of the way, those captains of industry and finance would get back to raising all boats, right?\rExcept, that never happens.\rEver.","&gt; You see any evidence of less-than-perfection with capitalism\n\nMatter of fact, I recognize every system's imperfections and would rather an imperfect world where rent seeking isn't involved in literally every major transaction that occurs when private industry and government overlap. \n\n&gt;Except, that never happens. Ever.\n\nThe only boats that rise in your naive attempt for \"perfection\" are those of the rent seekers and moochers. ","Yea they are when the bank is ours, those fucks lend money on the backs of the American tax payer\n\nTrillions lost\n\nThey can lose trillions to universal income. There is no math you could come up with to deny that. It would be absurd \n\nAnd  you have no idea what the fuck they're fucking doing, they are undoubtedly underwriting worthless assets, we all know that\n\nNone of it would shake our banking system in the slightest. Tens of trillions of dollars go out already. \n\nAbsurd assumptions\n\nedit - and the point was we have more than enough capital to provide for every citizen. Not that it would make sense to scare every billionaire on the planet, we could take it from private citizens but the federal reserve can't afford to double those citizens wealth? That's absurd","&gt; Tens of trillions of dollars **go out** already.\n\nGo out where? Into lalaland? They disappear? What? You clearly don't understand how this works.\n\nThese trillions you speak of don't exist as cash, or money, or whatever you think they are. \n\nGoogle \"Derivative\". ","They go to prop up non American entities and the bankers friends, that's why it's off the books. \n\nWhy can't Americans get free money off all this? Or even just interest free loans?\n\nThere is no reason other than you don't like the idea of people getting shit for free. Inflation has been steady for decades, it makes no difference if the fed lost trillions in 2008 and god knows when else.\n\nWhy would trillions being lost to universal income matter?\n\nThere is no logic behind it, everyone is committed to the ponzi scheme ont he planet. No one can call our bluff because we'll destroy anything that might be able to truly replace our system. \n\nThe only nations who don't have a central bank like ours are what we call \"rogue states\" like Iran and North Korea (Libya, Iraq, and Afghanistan formerly hint hint). Our banking system falls and so does theirs\n\nThis is what American hegemony is all about. Why shouldn't the average American get a piece?","I'm curious, what exactly do you think shadow banking means?","You think the average American understands that our federal reserve loans other central banks money with the guarantee of our tax dollars? \n\nlol\n\nin this context shadow banking is anything that has to do with the fed lending money to foreign entities of various varieties. ","For future reference that's not what shadow banking really refers to. It generally means non-bank institutions like hedge funds, money market funds, etc acting as primary creditors instead of banks. So for example if I'm starting a business and get a loan from XYZ hedge fund instead of my local bank, that would be considered shadow banking. Obviously can be much more complex than that, but that's the basics. ","Shadow banking refers to hiding what's going on\n\nNo one would complain or be surprised about goldman sachs setting up an intermediary to hide their capital.\n\nThat's a very different thing to loaning the Chinese or Germans money via shadow banking.\n\nThanks for the lesson I didn't need. Have you internalized the reality that our fractional reserve banking system is a ponzi scheme yet","You clearly seem obstinate in your views and totally unopen to discussion, so I'm not going to waste either of our time trying to explain a different perspective. ","It is a ponzi scheme\n\nWe co opt people into this scheme with our military\n\nUs guaranteeing free trade on the face of it seems stupid (post cold war) until you realize that free trade is also facilitated by our banks. We have co opted the world into our ponzi scheme\n\nThat's what the petro dollar is, that's why American elites don't sweat our loss of global GDP share.","'Shadow banking' is just a scary term that appeals to people like you that refers to banking services provides by institutions that are not classified as banks by the Federal Reserve system.\n\nThe idea behind calling it \"Shadow Banking\" is to cast it in a negative light (figuratively and literally) so that the public supports authoritarian measures to ban it.\n\nFor instance, if the big banks ever make a public relations move to build support for a ban on decentralized digital currencies like Bitcoin, they will point out that these currencies create an \"unregulated Shadow Banking\" industry that threatens the \"systemic health of the financial sector\".\n\nIt's propaganda to crush competition using government as the enforcer.\n\nNow regarding your rants about trillions being lent out or whatever: there is a grain of truth in what you say. The Federal Reserve and US Treasury back approximately $1.7 trillion of mortgages every year, thus redistributing the financial risk of default to the public, while the profits remain privatized. This is indeed a huge undeserved subsidy for the rich, but it doesn't amount to $1.7 trillion a year. It amounts to whatever premium the Fed is paying above the market rate: probably something on the order of $100 billion a year.\n\nto;dr the US economy can't support compulsory Basic Income ","You're an idiot bud. But keep believing you've got it all figured out. I bet it's comfortable. ","It's not all that complex\n\nThe people who support a currency tied to some sort of hard metal aren't wrong. It's a ponzi scheme\n\nWhat they don't get is that this ponzi scheme is too big to fail for hte planet. And as Americans we should enjoy it\n\nDick Cheney said the same thing, debt matters to economists, but not to uncle sam. Our game is the only one in town\n\nhttp://www.washingtonmonthly.com/political-animal/2011_09/remember_deficits_dont_matter032197.php\n\nIf you dig down into why we use a fractional reserve system, the answer is basically \"people have trust and it works\". Well in our case they don't have a fucking choice, where else are they going to put their reserves but the most stable and prosperous place on the planet? \n\nThere is no choice","Yes! Insurance industry jobs are the first ones I think of when I think of jobs that exist merely to spread the wealth!","Building a brand is beneficial to a company and *could* benefit the consumer if they like their products.","So giving away free money solves all of our problems?","I'm curious to know where the legit money comes from that won't devalue anyone's currency","It's not free money. It's compensation for following laws that somebody else has made. It's compensation for the use of our common natural resources.","You can't print money with no inflation. You clearly have no clue how currency works.","We've been doing it since we instituted the federal reserve\n\nIt's a ponzi scheme that can't be replicated by anyone else, we have tens of trillions to circulate to banks but not in universal income? What?\n\nWho does inflation hurt most? Not us who can print the money, it's people like the Chinese and Arabs who have their reserves in our currency. There is nothing that scares the Chinese more than us just opening up the flood gates and giving away cash to joe plumber. \n\nEvery major state actor on the planet but a couple's fate is tied to our banking system. People all over the planet will go to great lengths to prop up our system. ","&gt; What does advertising contribute to society?\n\nI don't know, but my guess it has to do with conditioning people to buy certain things.  Perhaps even spreading the message that your product exists gets you a better chance at selling the product.  I don't think I am personally affected by advertising (I tend to look at user reviews of products that I buy) but I haven't watched much TV at all (mostly NFL games, I don't have a Ford F-150 truck or drink beer) and I don't buy things that are advertised on radio programs I listen to.  Some people convinced the important people of companies that if a celebrity endorses their product, the sales of product that the celebrity brings is well worth paying the celebrity an absurd amount of money.\n\nThere's youtube video showing a comparison of headphones and how much advertising is involved.  Apparently, more people buy certain headphones (beats by dre) because they see famous people wear those headphones. \n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZsxQxS0AdBY\n\nEdit: I have the competitor's headphones which I like and cost less than beats by dre headphones.  \n               ","But that doesn't actually make life better for people. If anything, advertising makes life worse.","I just remembered something.  Advertisers might not affect me much, but they help pay for some radio programs or shows I listen to.  Even if I don't buy their products, I do like the show's content and am glad they're getting paid so that they do more shows.  I am guessing it's the same with the NFL, and how they make boatloads of money via advertising.      ","You wrote that just to show off how enlightened you are, not being affected by marketing, knowing the truth that about Beats by Dre that the sheeple just won't realize. Nice.","&gt; You wrote that just to show off how enlightened you are, not being affected by marketing, knowing the truth that about Beats by Dre that the sheeple just won't realize. Nice.\n\nI honestly have no idea if beats by dre headphones are worth their price because I haven't tried them out long enough to make a more informed judgment on them.  I tried the other headphones, they were comfortable, sounded great, and had good reviews.  My decision was based on my limited experience with both headphones at the store and online reviews.   ","I don't believe a basic income will work when the value of money isn't bound to anything but what people *THINK* its worth. If money is handed out it loses value. I could see immediate positive results followed by negative results as that money quickly becomes worthless due to a sudden and massive decrease in the actual value of said money. I believe that in order for a basic income to be considered as an option, the value of money should be directly tied to something, whether that something be a physical object (gold) or a finite supply on how much currency is actually in circulation (bitcoin). Then a basic income might work.","A basic income would come from money collected through taxation. The government would not create new money in order to do this. There's a reason they have to borrow money from somewhere in order to balance the budget as opposed to asking the Fed to create some more to cover a shortfall- doing that would have the effect you described.","If everyone has extra cash to spend then prices of everything will go up.","Yes, but there would be no increase in the money supply as a result of a basic income. Money (ideally) would move mostly from the very rich to the poor, resulting in theory in an increase in the velocity of money. I don't know what would happen to prices as a result, they may well go up, but there won't actually be more money available, just more for the poor and less for the (relatively) rich.","[deleted]","If everyone has extra cash to spend then prices of everything will go up.","Having worked many years in public sector, rest assured...we have literally tons of useless bullshit jobs.","Really? I know a girl that licks envelopes and puts stamps on for $20 an hour. Not joking, that is her job...","&gt; Really? I know a girl that licks envelopes and puts stamps on for $20 an hour. Not joking, that is her job...\n\nShe probably does more than just lick envelopes and put stamps on them.  What's her job title?","&gt; no-name Dutch \"journalist,\"   \n  \nLOL, you are just showing your ignorance. In real sciences facts matter, not names. It is just that, for you, economics is a pseudo-science like astrology.  \n\n","&gt; UBI is simply rebranded socialism and nothing more.\n\nBingo. \"Democratic Socialism\" is simply socialism with a newer, politically correct title. \n","The only difference is means. Revolutionary socialism is \"we're going to overthrow the state and then purge/expel the capitalists by force\" and democratic socialism is \"We're going to be voted in  purge/expel the capitalists by force.\" The outcome is always the same.\n\nIf anyone thinks that these technocommunists would stop at UBI and wouldn't push for nationalization of industry I have a bridge in Brooklyn to sell you.\n\n","If your business cannot thrive without exploiting people, your business should fail.","That idiotic offensive comments like this get upvoted in /r/Futurology is so sad.\n\nHiring someone to do a job is not \"exploitation\". Accusing people engaging in voluntary trade of being exploiters is offensive slander and is the kind of thing that is typically said by an immature wannabe intellectual who thinks he's being edgy.","Hiring someone to do a job and not paying them enough to live on is exploitation.  Hiring more workers at minimum so that you can work them for less than would require you to provide benefits is exploitation.  If your business is profitable, but a healthy percentage of your employees need public assistance then that is exploitation.   I've got more, but you get the idea.\rFeel free to double down on the insults, but you're still wrong.  ","&gt; Hiring someone to do a job and not paying them enough to live on is exploitation. \n\nIt is not exploitation. You're just making things up in order to demonize those with more wealth, and rationalize causing them harm.\n\nWhen someone offers someone else a wage, and that other party accepts, that is not exploitation. That is a mutually beneficial arrangement that only came to be because it benefits both parties.\n\nYour employer is not your mommy, and doesn't owe you anything. Stop infantilizing workers, and pretending they need to protected from their own decision to take a job. \n\n","When there aren't any other jobs that are better, you have to take the jobs that remain, and that allows the employer to always have the ability to control the arrangement.  The fact that you don't see this confirms for me my belief that your understanding of economics came from an ayn rand book.  \rIt's funny you mention infantilization of workers; a century ago you could have used the same terrible arguments to justify child labor.\r","That doesn't mean the employer owes you anything at all or \"controls\" you. The employer is not your mommy and doesn't owe you a job. If you want to go and starve, or try your luck selling handicrafts on the sidewalk you can. If you want to take the offer they present, you can.\n\nYou're just trying to condemn the job offerer as some kind of rights violator, so that you can rationalise using the force of government to violate their freedoms. In other words, the only party guilty of attempting to violate anyone's rights is you.","\"But... but... the 1% will pay for it!\"","Anyone wanting a UBI life is a LAZY LOSER. ","Or simply realizes that tedious work as we know it is a horrible excuse for self-purpose. ","Like I said, LAZY LOSER!","Dear redditors, nobody is going to pay you to browse reddit and play videogames for the rest of your lives.","I beg to differ.","They also sign up for substitute teaching and teach for one day, only to collect a million dollar annuity for the rest of their lives. Really helps to be connected.","Spoken like a government bureaucrat. Go getem Tiger.","Many??? You're telling me the government is subsidizing the salaries of many people working in private companies (not government projects)?  Sounds like cronyism/corruption if that's true.  The cost of having a useless employee/job is outweighed by the benefits the government gives the company!!!","Are you aware of the government benefits Wal-Mart employees receive because they're paid so little?","So newspapers are making money off their carriers' parents because paperboys are paid so little?","Yes. They are. That's why they target children. That's also why child labor laws exist.","TIL paperboys should be paid minimum wage, which many people think should be $15.00/hr.","Yes. If that prices the industry out of existence, so be it. No one's entitled to operate an archaic business on the backs of underpaid labor. ","So, to ride your bike around the neighborhood and deliver newspapers, a skill possessed by an 11 year old boy with a bike, deserves the wage and compensation of a union foundry worker who has the risk of being killed everyday by a furnace explosion, whose wage is determined by how much the business can sell an iron casting compared to how much it costs to make one?  You don't see the ridiculousness in this comparison and how it relates to people who believe in a command and control economy that relies on \"fairness\"?","I'm not saying the child deserves more and the iron worker deserves the same. I'm saying everyone deserves more.","I fail to see how hiring somebody for a useless position so they can collect welfare for themselves helps the company at all.","Because they don't have to pay for said insurance.","And Walmart employees usually shop at Walmart ","Wow, brings the era of mining towns where you had to do all your shopping at the \"company\" store to mind.","You can't just say \"said insurance\" when nobody said anything about insurance. What insurance are you talking about, and how is paying somebody to do nothing preferable to not hiring for the non-position?","&gt;You can't just say \"said insurance\" when nobody said anything about insurance.\n\nHe actually said \"government benefits\", if you can't make the leap to grok that he included insurance in those benefits than, man, I don't know what to say.","Did you read the comments? Government funded insurance for low income families isn't a subsidy to a corporation. It's a subsidy to low income families. Why would the company have to pay for that person's unspecified insurance if they just didn't hire them in the first place? And then somehow by hiring them, the drop their original responsibility to insure them? The assertion was that companies are hiring and paying people just to keep them busy, which is ridiculous, and this guy is saying that the reason it benefits the company to do that is because the government will pay the employee's health insurance. You're not getting it so, let me rephrase the question.\n\nStep 1: Hire people to look busy and produce nothing of value for your company.  \nStep 2: Pay the minimum wage so that the employee collects welfare.  \nStep 3: ?????????  \nStep 4: $$$Profit$$$\n\nCan you please explain the missing step? Also, trying to be more specific than benefits by saying \"insurance\" would be one thing, but sayind \"said insurance\" when nobody said insurance is just incorrect. It was never \"said.\"","&gt;Did you read the comments? Government funded insurance for low income families isn't a subsidy to a corporation. \n\nSure it is.  If the employees couldn't otherwise get medical insurance do you seriously think that there wouldn't be far, far more legal disputes between the workers and corporate?\n\nCome on.  I want you to type out that you think that.","No I don't, because employee provided insurance has never been a requirement in the US and we didn't even have Obamacare until a few years ago. So all you have to do is look at history to see how silly you sound. These words we're using, like \"corporate subsidy,\" already have definitions in economics, so stop trying to twist the meaning of established terms. \n\nAnd most of all, stop skirting the question and explain why not hiring for that position and avoiding the potential lawsuit all together isn't preferable to paying their wages and letting the government pick up the insurance, when you're claiming that the job is meaningless. Come on, I want you to even attempt to back up your claims instead of telling me what I already wrote. God, that felt so disgusing to type, how do you live with yourself talking like that?","&gt; People will hire their friends and put them in fairly pointless positions. \n\nThis one is tough.  I am against nepotism/favoritism but I am for employers doing what they want to do.  If they want to pay for that employee, it should not be subsidized by the government but come out of the profits of the company.       \n\n&gt; I've had a manager that wasted millions on failed projects and making poor decisions maybe his job was beyond meaningless and actively harmful.\n\nCompetence is not guaranteed.  I would have fired the manager for such negligence and harm to the company.  ","It's not mild slavery...  Your girlfriend applied and was hired, what do you think assistants actually do?  Regarding companies that have downtime...  Unless your in manufacturing (in which case you would be laid off) a lot of companies have downtime.  It's cheaper to keep employees on then any other configuration...  I mean these are common sense things and do not reflect the idea that \n&gt; There are all kinds of requirements placed on corporations by government that force them to create jobs that produce no value.","&gt; It's cheaper to keep employees on then any other configuration\n\nIt depends where you work. I worked for an R&amp;D outfit and, although it was never promoted, a lot of peoples time was spent staring blankly at a computer screen or socialising with one another. It was never penalised.","Universal basic income sounds wonderful.  I worry that many people will sink heavily into debauchery, which will hurt those who love and care for those who drink and do drugs.  Hopefully, medical science will fix the detrimental effects of alcohol and drugs.","You'd be surprised. People fall into alcohol and drugs because they're trying to escape life. When life suddenly isn't something you have to escape any more (i.e. *it doesn't suck*), suddenly there will be a hell of a lot less of that.","You may be wrong in your prediction","I hope you're right.  I've lost people because of drugs and alcohol.","As an ex addict I believe that the opposite of what you're saying will happen. A society who has UBI implemented has decided that the well being and health of its people is of utmost importance and therefore will most likely have centres and programs focused on helping people who struggle with addictions.","&gt; It's just mild slavery.\n\nI don't think you know what slavery means.","Jobs are just slavery with extra steps.","You continue to demonstrate a lack of understanding of what slavery is.","That last post was a Rick and Morty reference, but I actually would love to hear what your definition of slavery is.","Pretty sure it means forced labor.\n\nChattel slavery paid nothing, but was still forced labor.\n\nJobs pay, but the vast majority of people really hate their jobs, serve no real purpose, and don't want to do them. Its still forced labor.\n\nSo yes, /u/LawLayLewLayLow and I DO know what slavery is, and there is little difference between chattel slavery and being forced to work for money.","These people are often not forced to work, they choose to put themselves into situations where they feel they must work.\n\nTheir situations are a result of their actions, slavery is the result of actions 100% outside of a person's control.\n\nDon't degrade the meaning of slavery by comparing it to workers in the first world.","&gt; These people are often not forced to work\n\nRight, bc you know, the other option is to be homeless and starve to death. Totally not forced...\n\n&gt;they choose to put themselves into situations where they feel they must work.\n\nI don't even.....\n\n&gt;Don't degrade the meaning of slavery by comparing it to workers in the first world.\n\nI'm not degrading shit, YOU are.\n\n\n","If you read the actual history of UBI is that it was a conservative plan in the 70s, popular with people in the Nixon administration. Much the same way that welfare, originally from Germany was a way to appease the workers and avoid revolution","[removed]","I've never seen affirmative action applied to a private company forcefully.  Affirmative action is either self imposed, or applied to *government* agencies or government sponsored companies.\n\nJust about every state has equal opportunity requirements, but those are *not* quotas.  Hiring someone because they are black to meet a quota would actually violate equal opportunity requirements.","Besides federal contractors with 50 employees or more and college admission, theres no requirement for \"Affirmative Action\".  In addition, it is illegal to hire based on race.","1) no that isn't racism. Racial does not equal racist.\n\n2) you're empirically and categorically incorrect.","Can someone please explain to me the difference between universal basic income and socialism? Because it sounds like a clever way to rebrand the word \"socialism\".","Google socialism and read the definition. If you are still confused after that, respond to this and I'll try to help.","UBI is a social program for sure. But it would probably increase consumer spending power and help businesses profit from more customers. Don't forget the USA already has a strong system of \"corporate socialism\" that doesn't help the average taxpaying citizen much.","I'm not trying to come off like an ass, but who is paying for the income. My thoughts are the businesses would front the burden of additional money for UBI as additional tax.  That would far out way any additional profit from business.  As a small business owner myself and \"average tax paying citizen\" I feel as though I'd get dicked over pretty bad. I know most people think business owners make shit loads of money but that's not the case necessarily.  I run a business that makes over 4 million a year, yet me and my wife take home 95,000.00 a year , of which I have to pay health insurance out of.  It's not bad money, but it's not great either.... If I know have to pay UBI for someone who has not created ( in my case ) 15 jobs, nor contributes to the workforce, I feel as though it is unfair. So seriously, I'm looks by for why we don't just look at this as an additional tax, and call it what it is!","Ideally, small business owners taking home less than 100K shouldn't be taxed more. There's plenty of low hanging fruit elsewhere like the estate tax giveaways.","[deleted]","This study only pertains to how people deal with a windfall. UBI is not a lottery scenario and the psychology is completely different.","That's not a fair comparison, as there is a pretty big difference between giving someone money, and replacing their employment with it.","[deleted]","It's not a fair comparison, though. The study you are citing does not replace their employment. People are not intrinsically dumb, and if they handle their finances well enough now to ensure housing and basic expenditures, knowing that they will not receive income in a lump sum, they will treat their finances differently, most likely much like they do already.\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nThe authors of that unrelated study wouldn't disagree with me, it is not a comparable topic of discussion. ","[deleted]","Your platitude at the end makes assumptions just as you accuse the other guy. Why would someone suddenly be motivated to fish just because they know how?","[deleted]","So why would person 1 sell his fish for drugs and video games? Does he not want to eat? Does learning how to fish make you hungry?","[deleted]"," Again, how is the guy who learned to fish hungry but the guy who is given a fish not hungry?  If your platitude is consistent, this should be an easy question to answer.\n","I have 8 person team that reports up to me that makes sure the company's (a distributor) product database is correct and up-to-date. It's a value-add, but a totally unnecessary expense that should have been automated years ago.\n\nLikewise:\n\n* Accountants that input invoices and resolve discrepancies.\n* Pricing teams that calculate and apply resale margins.\n* Data collection teams.\n* Order fulfillment (\"picking\") teams.\n* Many DBA responsibilities of regulating systems.\n\nAnd on and on. All jobs that simply contribute up to making certain that the organization's cogs are still turning. With the automation technology that we currently have and will have in the future - Those people should be out enjoying life and leaving the cog turning to the bots.","&gt; UBI would help us to stop looking at jobs as a resource\n\nI don't think we're at a point where stuff and services are there without labor involved.  Lets say every waiter quit.  Would the restaurants that rely on waiters taking orders and bringing food to customers continue to operate?  Probably not.  \n\n&gt; We could stop rewarding people for \"creating jobs\", when those jobs are soul-sucking 16-hours a week, below minimum wage jobs with no healthcare or benefits\n\nLow wage jobs are very important.  Unless you have someone or something that replaces what low wage job people do/provide, many will be in big trouble.  Yes, if the low wage job is completely useless and noone would miss what the low wage job provides, you would be correct.  \n\n&gt; could actually afford to focus on the quality of the jobs created, because everyone wouldn't need a job any more.  \n\nAgain, I believe it's up to the employer to figure out which jobs he/she needs for their business to continue.  I am fully against subsidizing salaries of employees of private companies (there are plenty of government jobs already).  \n\n&gt; everyone wouldn't need a job any more\n\nI don't think we have enough resources to support a large population that has the ability to work, but decides to live off UBI.  It's also encouraging a divide between those that work and live off their earnings vs. those that decide not to work (not because of any disability) and live off UBI.        ","I'm not suggesting this happens today. Obviously products and services still need labor to be produced. We'll need waiters and other  for decades to come. But UBI won't wipe out the workforce anyway, so that's fine. We can set up an UBI and use it as a smooth transition to a fully automated economy. \n\nAs to the job creation, I'm precisely talking about incentives created for employers. Today it is to the advantage of politicians to set up structures that incentivize employers to create a higher number of low-wage jobs instead of a lower number of high-wage jobs (or at least livable wage jobs). This way can both say they created twice the number of jobs they otherwise would have. This is what I would like to see changed. \n\nMoreover I want to eradicate the idea that \"creating jobs\" is in itself a positive thing for society. Employers will do what best benefits them, of course, but taking every 40 hour job and splitting it down to 3x 14 hour jobs does nothing positive for society, even though two new jobs were just created. ","[removed]","[The average age of gamers is 31](http://venturebeat.com/2014/04/29/gaming-advocacy-group-the-average-gamer-is-31-and-most-play-on-a-console/)","Ah yes, extra time for gaming should be what we're striving for. ","Who says we should be striving for anything besides exactly what we want? Who gets to decide that besides you?","The hidden fascist located in almost every hardcore conservative I know.","7.5 trillion really isn't that much per year for a economy as vast as USA. Your post feels baseless, when you take that simple fact into account.","Really? Considering the US GDP is 18 trillion.","GDP is 17 trillion, this is the amount of all goods and services created in the U.S. combined - the sum of all economic activity. Just for UBI we're talking 44% of the entire economy, without all the other costs of government.","He also has some pretty incorrect assumptions - the cost of socialism? social medicine is cheaper than capitalistic free run health care - at every step. \n\nthe government is meant to represent a peoples union and help to make our issues heard in the face of corporations who would other wise dominate individuals. currently the government has allowed laws that enable government to focred into representing interests of corporations instead of its people.\n\nAll Basic Universal Income is just a decoupling of income from labour -which is the hurdle a lot of people have trouble jumping over mentally - If the government was truly acting in favor of the people they would be negotiating a better deal - and a larger share of the propersity for the people. \n\nYou can argue that yes the economy has never been stronger  - a la the value of the stock market - but the value of GDP doesnt correlate to the prosperity of its people, if less and less of it gets shared. Sure current gov't policy has created wildly successful corporations and we can all get iphones on pay day loan - but is that truly the highest level of prosperity - perhaps social bonding, the ability to impact change in your life, freedom from menial labor, and the ability to enjoy the fruits of our labor are more important goals of 'proseperity'\n\nRANT\n\nEdit - and I think the general trend is - people want to work, they want to contribute, but they have to be feel like its worthwhile and weve created a system where people feel like cogs and become disillusioned - this will only worsen with automation. In the coming years many, many people will lose their traditional jobs due to no fault of their own. At some point the bootstraps theory just wont apply. \n\nAnd for his farmers comment, exactly, current trends of productivity that in the future food will acutally just come from the supermarket because a corporation has automated the farming process and only needs 100 maintenance workers and a handful of executives to replace 100,000 jobs.\n\nIts people right to share in the prosperity of their nation - otherwise we will be reduced to feudal relationships as serfs to corporate lords owning all levels of production - its not anti capitalism to say okay this system works but the arbitrary made-up percentages we have arrived at need some tweaking. There is no natural law that says who gets what share of the prosperity - its always just been a negotiation between the parties and increasingly the 'people' have had less negotiating power through the loss of representation by their government.\n","Moreover if the entire food supply chain is automated, you wouldn't need socialism because the free market would make food dirt-cheap on its own. X person runs a farm and makes a fortune selling food without adjusting prices much to account for reduced costs, Y person sees this as an opportunity and sets up an automated farm underpricing the competition and making up for it in volume, which they then use to expand operations even more.\n\nCompanies already operate on razor-thin margins per unit, and make profit from huge volumes. The vast majority of value in economic transactions goes to the workers and consumers, and only the tiniest sliver goes to the big bad evil capitalists. Capitalists make money by producing value orders of magnitudes more than the value they take in turn, and compete relentlessly to do so.","Well the consensus in Finland is that if there was a general income, it would be around 800e. That's almost 200e less than what you would receive if you were unemployed. \n\nThe main arguments for it are that now people do not want to work, since they would receive less money in a year, if they took a 1month job or something, than if they stayed unemployed for the whole year. Basic income would solve that, since you already got that 800e, and everything you earn is just added to the top of that. Of course system like this would be heavier to the richest, but it would create a lot more prosperity economically and in other ways too. \n\nOne of the better arguments is that it would almost entirely eliminate a lot of bureaucracy and remove useless jobs and useless branches of the government, since you'd never have to apply for money, you'd just get it every month.\n","&gt;social medicine is cheaper than capitalistic free run health care - at every step.\n\nIt isn't cheaper at all. The US health care system is not capitalistic free run health care. It is heavily regulated and subsidized by government.  You're using an incorrect frame of reference.\n\nIt is about 40% more expensive than the bloated health care systems of other Western countries, but its greater cost can be fully explained by its more advanced medical equipment (the US has an impressive concentration of medical imaging equipment) and treatments (the most advanced treatments, which are extremely expensive are mostly done in the US. As a Canadian, I am very familiar with this).\n\nFree market healthcare is veterinarian care, which is indeed vastly cheaper than the human health care system.\n\nA monopoly where consumers have only one option will never be cheaper than numerous independent parties competing in a market for consumer purchases.\n\n","[removed]","I think you are missing a major point. The UBI is not meant to replace all work and income. It is simply a bare minimum for survival. If you choose to live off just that then you can. Jobs that you say are undesirable but necessary for society to function will become highly demanded and just as high demand jobs are now, they will be highly compensated. No one wants to be a janitor right now but how many will be willing to be a janitor for 75k a year or more?  \n\nThis has little to do it Marxism but yet you reek of McCarthyism, FYI the cold war is over and the USSR is gone. The Red Scare is over, expand your horizons a bit and realize that capitalism is definitely not the endgame of World Economics. As magical fairy automation supplants more and more jobs that people think of as \"un-automatable\" we will be forced to accept a society similar to Elysium, an incredibly small minority that have nearly all the wealth and a massive poor majority or we will have to make changes. If we wish to live in a society that is equitable and \"just\" then we have to face these issues. \n\nWhether you like the idea of freeloaders or not is irrelevant. The data is on the side of UBI supporters.\n\nEdit:As far as business being compatible with these ideals I suggest that you are also ill-informed on this topic. Look up Mondragon, it is one of the largest companies in Spain with more than 70,000 employees and has been operating successfully for over 50 years. Hard to argue with results comrade.","&gt;Jobs that you say are undesirable but necessary for society to function will become highly demanded and just as high demand jobs are now, they will be highly compensated. No one wants to be a janitor right now but how many will be willing to be a janitor for 75k a year or more? \n\nYeah no. The book also argues for open borders, so cheap immigrant labor will fill the demand for labor, which has been going on for decades. What about all the other immigrants who come to the U.S. for free stuff? \n\nAlso if you start having huge runaway labor costs like you describe, businesses are going to shut down and move, which has already happened. This leaves less tax money for UBI.\n\n&gt;This has little to do it Marxism\n\nEither you are disingenuous or have somehow picked up the same Marxist rhetoric and reasoning from those you pay attention to and are ignorant of the source of it. Your arguments and reasoning are 100% Marxist. You even contradict yourself by saying:\n\n&gt;capitalism is definitely not the endgame of World Economics\n\nNothing to do with Marxism? Give me a break. The cold war may be \"over,\" but we're still dealing with oppressive revolutionary communism in China, North Korea, Cuba, and other countries. Russia is enduring the ramifications of the U.S.S.R.. Gradual and political Marxism has caused giant economic crises in Europe and more recently a massive immigration crisis, which sure as hell follows the open-border desires of Bergman. We have continued class warfare from the left that continues to grow to such an extent that a socialist was a plausible presidential candidate.\n\n&gt;s magical fairy automation supplants more and more jobs that people think of as \"un-automatable\" we will be forced to accept a society similar to Elysium, an incredibly small minority that have nearly all the wealth and a massive poor majority or we will have to make changes.\n\nNonsense. Most of the income \"inequality\" in America has come not from people being made poor, it's because we're adding many more poor and uneducated workers from other countries. Of course they aren't going to find a well-paying job right off the bat, especially when the labor market is flooded. The middle class has actually been growing in absolute numbers, not decreasing.\n\nThe hypocrisy is that you accuse me of fear-mongering and then claim that we're headed towards an Elysium society unless we implement massive redistribution programs. Using an example from fiction, and one with a very heavy-handed agenda, doesn't do your argument any justice.","You my friend are delusional and lack basic logic skills.\n\nYour incredibly ill informed opinions about Inequality in the US, the nature of Marxism and the basis of UBI are evidence of that.\n\nI'm sure you know that one of the fathers of Modern Economics Milton Friedman advocated for UBI and that John Maynard Keynes envisioned a massively reduced work week in the future? I doubt you consider those esteemed gentleman to be Marxists.","Jesus Christ the delusion is strong.","LOL, You can't even do basic math. ","Exactly. I laugh at the idea that the cure for bullshit jobs is just to pay everyone a salary to stay at home. ","Getting really tired of hearing about UBI. Shit will never work as intended, and there is not enough money to make it work. ","Then what do you suggest we do as more and more jobs become automated?","Automation will see the largest increase in GDP output ever seen, to say that we wouldn't be able to afford it is disingenuous. \n&amp;nbsp;\n\nIt will replace such a **[large](http://ei.marketwatch.com//Multimedia/2016/02/22/Photos/NS/MW-EF989_automa_20160222113602_NS.jpg?uuid=5c9acd98-d982-11e5-91e4-0015c588e0f6)** portion of jobs, that we won't have many other options, and honestly, we should realize that unemployment *is* okay, and is a natural output of capitalism. We have effectively reached our peak usefulness, if a bot can do my job better, it should replace it. ","This likely won't be a popular opinion but cryptocurrencies are going to force governments and central banks to provide basic income.  They are going to have to provide something more attractive than sound money (bitcoin,etc.) that isn't watered down when the powers that be choose.    ","No it won't","\"Bullshit jobs\" - from an anthropologist...talking about bullshit jobs.\n\nIrony.","You don't think having people dedicated to studying humanity's big picture has any value to society?","Oh it has its uses, but as far as being beneficial to us in any real measurable sense. No. \nIt doesn't offer anything but hindsight and a nice comparison. It's a neat science, but it doesn't make humans produce more or use less. It doesn't create new ideas or new products.","Hmmmm, interesting idea that publishing research of patterns from the past doesn't facilitate any creation of new products or methodologies to improve productivity. Immeasurable results maybe, but I would be surprised if anthropology is entirely a niche science with absolutely no real world impact as its findings propagate through various interested circles.\n\nSomeone whose sole responsibility is to shuttle reports from point A to point B would probably count as not improving productivity, but I don't venture to lump anthropology to the same level of menial uselessness.\n\nOne area I've been studying recently for application to my current project is resilient distributed systems. While I am unable to directly attribute the concept of Byzantine Fault Tolerance to Anthropology vs History vs Military Strategy, it's crossovers like this within the academic community being moved around various fields that creates entire markets and methodologies.","Ummm if you extrapolated anything of use from history it would go into a different social science\n\nInternational relations? We have a field for that\n\nEconomics? We have a field for that\n\nPolitical science? \n\nAnd if we don't we always have the general umbrella of historians.\n\nNo one looks to anthropologists for anything but proper nouns","I would. It's virtually a pleasure science. A hobby. Sure it's a golden idea to search for all of our links of the past and note trends in humanity but it's all in the past. It has no real stake on the future. The low % of anthropology that you speak of is probably useful but the field itself is overpopulated with tons of people who all thought they'd be Indiana Jones when really most of people who do get a degree in it most likely end up in an unrelated or turning around and attempting to teach what they just learned.\n\nIt's a neat field don't get me wrong they do awesome things. But necessary? Not even close. It's a luxury.","That's absolutely valid, thanks for engaging. It seems your definition of bullshit differs from what I took from the use of bullshit, I have a good friend to has gone into academia in medieval studies and I would not venture to argue any of your points here about it being a luxury. I will note that nowhere in our conversation have I used the word \"necessary\" so you've set up a tidy little straw man to punch out.","&gt;Sure it's a golden idea to search for all of our links of the past and note trends in humanity but it's all in the past\n\nYes, it is a golden idea. That's why it's good to study it. It being in the past doesn't change that. History is an invaluable resource for humanity.\n\n&gt;But necessary? Not even close. It's a luxury.\n\nOur own civilization derives from a study of past civilizations. ","There are things humans do that aren't just a way to produce more or use less. These things are entirely necessary.","Eh.  Social science research in general is helpful in understanding how are societies work and such, and helps inform a lot of what we do in the social, political, and economic spheres.  \n\nIt's pretty cheap to fund, and the benifits I think are significant.    ","Don't like a \"meaningless job\", look for a better one. Unemployed due to stress is a joke. Buck up and be an adult.\n\nI'm sorry, I don't want my hard earned money taken from me and redistributed to the lazy. ","Nah, your job will be taken from you and given to a robot. A robot that doesn't pay taxes and doesn't need liability insurance. So it's either your money today, or your job tomorrow but you still have the same problem. So what's the solution?","[deleted]","Why does it have to be one or the other?  Why not both?\n\nIt's not good for the economy for wealth to be concentrated at the top, but it's also not good for the economy to have freeloaders. \n\nI'm fine with with caring for the disabled and old, but I am not fine with my money going to the lazy and the wasteful government.  There should be some standard of economic efficiency for the public sector.","* Living wage is not the same as comfortable living wage, so freeloading wouldn't be as desirable as you imagine. The article talks about how the working hours would reduce probably to the point that any would be freeloaders are going to want to work for the extra comfort, rather like part-timing now.\n\n* The government wastes a lot of money on tax processing. A universal wage wouldn't be taxed, so the government could introduce a flat rate of income tax on anything above that making tax processing incredibly easy. It's also been shown that in countries with unemployment benefits and tax credits, the cost of monitoring those systems and catching abusers is greater than giving everyone UBI, so it might actually save money.\n\n* What about those already in poverty? We take our assets for granted when actually life is a lot harder if you don't have anything. A lot of the time you need a car for a job, for example.\n\n* You would also receive the basic income, allowing you more security in case you lose your job.\n\n* It keeps money circulating. If everyone always has a basic income, there is always spending, and a much lower chance of a bad recession.\n\n* It's a forced version of trickle down economics, which has been shown to not work. The gap between rich and poor increases every day and things like the American dream are just a myth. There are many people out there who can testify to working their hardest and getting nothing in return. It's not so much lazy as unlucky, and the only way we can justify to increase human wealth fairly is to share it just a bit more evenly.\n\nEDIT:\n\n* Crime could be massively reduced as a consequence of UBI. If we are giving a living wage to would-be criminals, they are less likely to put people in danger because they don't need to in order to stay alive. Organised crime would likely still be a problem, but petty crime committed in poor neighborhoods would probably be dramatically reduced.\n\n* Attempted suicide rates could drop, and as a consequence, the amount of money spent on healthcare.","Sounds like something straight out of /r/conspiracy","What do you actually do that makes you think that your money is \"hard earned\"? Your job is probably far easier than any minimum wage job, I know mine is.","Perhaps he made the hard choices, took risks, spent extra time getting educated, and became a model employee in order to land the promotion or interview to a better paying and less stressful position. My job at Starbucks was the worst job I've ever had, even worse than pulling tree stumps out of a field. But the store and district managers had a pretty good job, and the only way to get that job is to prove yourself in the shitty job.","Machinist. Not much more difficult than minimum wage, but hell, that's probably why the pay isn't that much higher than minimum either. ","All jobs are meaningless.  All jobs are corporate welfare.  They do have a purpose;  keep everyone busy.  Maintain a social order.  All this will pass.  The inability to alter your point of view is what will maintain this system until that happens.","Right, because everyone should just sit around and be untethered to the corporate ball and chain, just like how our prehistoric ancestors didn't need to work. /s\n\nIf you need UBI to survive, then you are still tethered to the corporate system, just in a different way. The only way to free yourself of it is to go out into the woods and build your own shelter and eat nothing but nuts and squirrel meat that you hunted yourself.","Again, lack of vision.  Your money is not hard earned.  You don't \"deserve\" anything.  Until you drop the whole \"earn a living\" mentality you're stuck.  But one day you will be dead and it won't matter anyway. ","If nothing is deserved, then your whole argument for UBI is gone. I suggest you burn your possessions and quit your job since nothing matters. What exactly are you trying to say?","That your a slack eyed drone.","I would be very interested to hear you justify your job or even your existence.","Comcast: Universal Obscene Monopoly Income - UOMI","Implying money for doing nothing is a human right?\n\nAlso some of those things haven't happened.\n\nYou guys know otherkin getting tax exemption will never happen right?","There are multiple ways to run society. UBI is just another economic arrangement. There was a point in history that taxation wasn't a thing either.\n\nSimply saying \"you know basic income will never happen\" is showing profound ignorance of history and also of current developments. \n\nEven unemployment benefits were a dream at one point -- until people worked out that it was cheaper to give the unemployed money rather than deal with them breaking into your house to rob you because the alternative is starvation.\n\nEnding poverty could be achieved with UBI and the economic models around it are backed with credible evidence.\n\nBut I'm guessing that with such a trite denial, you don't really care about things like evidence...","Let me know when you have some evidence and not just speculation.\n\n\nAre you talking about poverty in America or world wide poverty?\n\n","Perhaps you should take some time to educate yourself on universal basic income before you participate in threads like this.\n\nIt's not my job to educate you - you're on the internet right now. Go to r/basicincome if you want links to studies and evidence. Google \"basic income evidence\" and you'll find plenty.\n\nBut I don't think you'll do this because you're not really interested in evidence.","&gt;It's not my job to educate you\n\nIt is if you want supporters.","It's not about whether or not it's a human right, it's about whether a) it is feasible and b) it is in the best interest of society.\n\nTechnically, humans aren't really entitled to anything including food, water, shelter, etc. We decide to guarantee these things in first world nations because we can.","Yep. Because it's well into the range of our best interests to do so. If one day money didn't exist and people could do and be anything they wanted that was productive, how awesome would society be? I'm willing to bet that we would advance far more as a species with that kind of way of life. ","It's not money for nothing, its money (to enable) for following the laws of the society. It's money for the use of our common natural resources. It's money for the accumulated cultural evolution all the past generations have gathered.","Where is the money going to come from for this free money to be given out? Wouldn't this just mean more meaningless bureaucratic jobs? This would also mean the government has more control and as history can confirm the larger the government the more likely it will fail. ","I bet every product/service will increase in price because people will have more money. \n\nThen we'll be back to square one.","Bureaucratic jobs exist in every business beyond a certain size, not just in the government funded by your tax dollars.  Almost any large entity develops these kinds of positions.  This is why it's imperative to enforce anti-trust laws in the US; to keep businesses competitive.  They get too big, they buy up all the competition, then they screw their customers who have no where else to go.  We pay taxes to supposedly keep this under control.","The source of the money may see it as decreasing freedom/liberty.","So should we just get rid of taxes all together?","That caused the depression. I'm talking about in America.","Huh?  No, the Nazis certainly didn't cause the Depression.  They weren't even elected into office until 1933, years after it began.  Learn a little history.\n\nBut the world economy, even then, was very much connected, and Germany got the worst of it due to getting fucked over after WW1.  So that's where things went *really* nuts during the Depression.","But what does that have to do with my point of people not uprising in times of economic turmoil?","But they *did*.","I didn't realise. Can you tell me what happened and why it's equal to what is discussed here about no minimum wage causing an uprising.\n\nBecause the depression seemed to correct itself quite nicely.","Meaningless jobs are not meaningless if they require being done. Someone still has to do them.. Basic income is a pipe dream, no one is going to pay people to do nothing..\n\nBasic income is a fairytale to make people think their future will be secure and they won't be living in boxes when robots replace them.","It isn't some sort of pipe dream, we will essentially require UBI going forward due to a severe looming **[automation crisis](http://ei.marketwatch.com//Multimedia/2016/02/22/Photos/NS/MW-EF989_automa_20160222113602_NS.jpg?uuid=5c9acd98-d982-11e5-91e4-0015c588e0f6)**.\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nThe productivity of GDP output doesn't stop at a human level of output, and the average person will soon find themselves in the way of progress as opposed to part of it due to *no fault of their own*. We should embrace automation due to a surge in GDP output it can bring, and implement UBI. ","You may require it, but you aren't going to get it.. do people in China get UBI? People in Africa or any third world country.. \n\nYou are dreaming no one is going to pay for people to do nothing just to be nice. They are replacing people with machines to increase profits and production not to pay people to sit at home.\n\nYou are living in a fairy tale if you think out of the goodness of their hearts large corporations will opt to pay people a UBI and if a govt tries to force them to do so they will move to a country which will not.\n\nAll this surge of automation will do is further spread the gap of haves and have nots. \n\nWe can't even get universal health care in the US because \"dats socialist\" and you think you are just going to get free money because you breathe..\n\nAll that will happen is wages will continue to be stagnant  and jobs will replace workers and that will be the new norm.. At best you will get some food stamps..","&gt;All that will happen is wages will continue to be stagnant and jobs will replace workers and that will be the new norm.. At best you will get some food stamps..\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nWith that kind of attitude, yep.","What are you doing to change it beside counting on free money? People of this country have already shown they will passively sit by idle doing nothing as the govt spies on us and continues to work for big money and special interest groups not the actual people.\n\n\nIf the people won't get up and do something when they are being spied on or cheated. They will not do anything until it's too late to matter.\n\n\nYou can complain about me pointing out reality to you, but what are you doing to make it any different? Me, I don't take on massive amounts of debt and I work to secure a income source that requires no employer who can replace me . What do you do?\n","The bullshit jobs are the ones that don't require being done.  Various sorts of excess management, administration, some sales &amp; marketing, etc.","Liberty to sit around and watch Netflix?","People will still work.  Mass-sponging would require mass-asceticism and I don't see that happening; there's more to life than rice and beans.  \n  \nPeople will still seek wealth, station, privilege, power, status, identity, fulfillment and so on so they'll keep working. They'll refuse to settle for the cheapest apartments, or the car that's constantly breaking down, or potatoes and cabbage every night and so on so they'll keep working. They'll seek work so they can afford kids or a house or new clothes or meat in their diet, etc.  \n  \nUBI doesn't mean billions sitting on toilets watching Netflix and eating takeout until they die of a deep vein thrombosis. ","Liberty to do whatever you want with your life, without being constrained by a job that dulls your mind and tires your body.\n\nPeople will still want to work to improve their economical power, but they won't have to, and on a side note, that would do wonders for their psychological health.","What is being taken away from the majority?","The opportunity to live? Jobs become more exclusive as technology advances. If you don't contribute in some way a machine can't then you don't get a job. No job means no pay. No pay means you starve and end up homeless. Plenty of people will still have jobs and contribute but many will not have that chance. So they can either move away and try to find work elsewhere or they can fight to get a job that someone else will fail to get as a result. If that trend becomes the norm for the majority of people (unskilled labor) then you can be sure crime will sky rocket until either the population is diminished or you get a revolution. I am not a fan of paying out cash to everyone as a normal thing. However, every person deserves a roof and food. If you want anything more than that you continue to try every day to find some way to contribute and earn some pay. ","Purchasing power and employee  benefits and bargaining power, mostly.","One earns those things by renting out valuable services.","How many years of your life have you spent working in a factory?","Is someone taking things away from people working in factories? Precisely what is being taken away?","Time for realizing their potential.  As someone who worked in a factory environment for four years, standing in one place for hours all day performing mindless repetitive actions, I can say the experience was dehumanizing.  I wasted all of that invaluable time in my youth trying to make ends meet when I could've been experiencing relationships, reading, listening to music or creating it.  Or I  could've been working in an environment that allowed me to experience life and grow.  It was worse than death.  It was a constant feeling of having my life crushed out.  I'll never get those years back.","And meanwhile, who is supposed to feed, clothe and shelter you?  Yeah, it would be great if I got to travel and have fun and experience all kinds of wonderful things in my life, but I have a responsibility to provide for myself.  To expect other people to take care of me is selfish, irresponsible, and unsustainable.\n\nYou only need to like your job a little more than you like living under a bridge.","What points in my shared experience are you refuting?  Did I say that I ever expected someone to take care of my adult self?  Nice straw man.","\"I wasted all of that invaluable time in my youth trying to make ends meet when I could've been experiencing relationships, reading, listening to music or creating it.\"\n\nI suppose one could get a job that involves these things.  I took your comment to mean a person should be allowed to spend their time on whatever personal enrichment they so choose instead of working for a living.  Relax.","Your life.  1/2 of every waking day spent in drudgery to make some moneybags rich.  Is it any wonder they all have private police?","What? You're not being forced to do it...","Sure I am.  It's illegal to live by hunting and gathering any more, and Buffalo Bill killed all the bison.\n\nIt's work for one of the limited owners, or starve, and they know it as well as you.  That's why the wages are so poor.","If everyone who works in factories today went out to hunt and gather how well(quickly) do  you think that would end?\n\nPeople rent their skills out to business owners in exchange for currency.The amount of money and bargaining power you have depends on how much those skills are worth.How much those skills are worth is influenced by how rare they are and how crucial they are to business success.\n\nIf your job can be replaced by a non-english speaking uneducated illegal immigrant maybe you should look in the mirror for a second.\n\n\n\n","People just don't want to take any ownership for their own actions.  I've worked in factories or retail all my life.  There have been many opportunities for me to get more in my life, but I didn't always make the best choices.  \n\nFolks seem to think they deserve whatever they want without making the necessary sacrifices to get them.  Sadly, instead of realizing this and encouraging people to improve themselves, it is easier to demonize evil, rich, greedy people.\n\nUnfortunately, it seems a lot of this hatred being manufactured is by design.","They are right in that factory and retail workers are exploited.Capitalism has created a system where it is possible for one guy to do absolutely no work at all and still get a share of the spoils,it's just as bad as mandatory equal pay(like we saw in communism).","I have never felt exploited.  In general I've felt fairly compensated for the job I perform for the wage I receive.\n\nI now work a union foundry job at a medium sized business.  I work in a job where a man actually died a few years ago.  The wages range from about $14/hr to just under $19.  These wages are based primarily on my employer's ability to sell castings compared to the cost to produce them and still make a some profit.\n\nI hear a lot about how retail or fast food workers should make this same wage.  Why shouldn't I work in those sectors for the same pay and not take the risk of getting crushed by heavy castings, burnt by hot parts or molten iron, or die in a furnace explosion?  What would happen to employers like my own who suddenly can't make money anymore because it now costs too much to produce a casting compared to what it makes to make one?\n\nI believe in a market based approach to wages instead of a subjective idea of a \"fair\" one.  Meddling in the free market is what makes everything screwed up.\n\nYes, people need to pay their fair share of taxes, etc.  However, I've never felt my predicament in life had anything to do with someone else's money.  The business I work at is family owned, and was started by their ancestors.  Do I hear a lot about how the son was born with a silver spoon, never did a day of manual labor?  Sure.  Do I begrudge him because of where he is in life compared to me?  No.  He does work, just in a different capacity to me.  Does he in many instances not know what the hell he is talking about because he has never done the job?  Yes.  But it is his business, and I can work elsewhere, go back to school, start my own business, or live under a bridge if I so choose.","The amount of money doesn't depend just on your skills and their rarity and the value you can add.  It also depends on the relative bargaining power of you and the employer.  Lately (since the 80s at least) that power has shifted towards the employers, so wages have stagnated, in some areas declined.","What does bargaining power depend on?","Many things.  Wealth, for one.  When a guy with $1M bargains with a guy with $0 over wages, the first guy has a big edge.  Also the presence of strong labor unions.  And the legal landscape, too.","It certainly is not the right to sit on your ass and collect a check thats being taken away.","Except very few people would just sit on their ass and collect a check? ","Really?  Because many people do just that.  They do that by working in factories instead of making the sacrifices to develop better skills or education credentials.  They do just that by making irresponsible choices and instead of changing their behavior blaming everyone else.\n\n9 years ago my friend decided he didn't like factories anymore.  After sacrifice, hard work, creativity, as well as some loans, he is getting his PhD in pharmaceutical medicine this June.  I'm still working in a factory enjoying the paycheck I get for the same work I was doing 9 years ago pretty much.","How is working in factories sitting on your ass? Many of the people currently sitting on their ass and collecting a check are on welfare. They sit on their ass or work part time for minimum wage because if they work full time they'll likely lose their govt benefits, which often pays higher than they'd earn working full time. \n\nUniversal Basic Income would virtually eliminate that problem by replacing most welfare programs. Sure you'd have a small amount of lazy fucks but the UBI likely wouldn't be enough to live comfortably on so people would still have an incentive to work. ","People have an incentive to get an education and develop more skills now and they don't; they just accept the status quo of what they have already now and complain about why their lives aren't better.\n\nI see lots of people now who enjoy their video games, alcohol, drugs, fancy clothes/bags/hair styles/fingernails while working at shitty jobs and getting into debt while they disregard the opportunity to better themselves and just complain about how unfair the system is.\n\nIt's always a head scratcher to drive through the campus and see how the kids are dressed, drive through downtown Thursday-Sunday and see the bars packed full of them, then listen to them talk about how they are struggling so bad.  People refuse to change their behavior even when it's self-defeating, and that is the bigger problem: behavior.","shhhhh! this is reddit","Maybe not directly, but a lot of them invest in it. I probably create millions of dollars of value through my work, but if I didn't work for a billion dollar company all that work wouldn't be worth very much at all.","Yes but there's a difference between taxing a billion dollar corporation, a billionaire and the middle class. Your logic does not follow at all. \n\nIn modern democracies it is absolutely moronic to suggest taxing a much larger pool of people at a higher rate than the extremely comfortable few. Votes count for stuff in democracies. ","Billionaires for the most part make their money by investing in things.\n\nIs it really moronic to suggest that? Votes do count, but lobbying counts more https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capital_gains_tax_in_the_United_States","Yes it is moronic because ATM lobbying isn't as effective as a vote. ","Uhhh... you said it's moronic to suggest taxing the ultra rich less than the average person, but the link I provided shows capital gains tax for the top bracket is 20%, while a person making the median income in the US is getting taxed 25%. Considering the ultra rich are much more likely to benefit from that lower tax rate, I'd say my point is valid","Investing is taking risks, you can lose all your money. When you work a job you are guaranteed that income. That is a big reason why capital gains are taxed lower. Also, that invested money is being used by another businesses to advance, innovate and pay employees to work. Everything comes full circle.","&gt;When you work a job you are guaranteed that income.\n\nThat's just not true. If you have a contract, there's no guarantee of renewal. If it's at will employment, you can be terminated for any non-discriminatory reason at any time. A job is probably less risky then being an investor or business owner, but it's far from guaranteed. \n","That is exactly the point of my original comment. The reason the rich are taxed less (percentage wise) is because without them the economy suffers, not to mention decreased innovation. The most efficient way to get the money for UBI is to tax the middle class, bringing them down and increasing the income gap. ","My mistake. You're are absolutely correct. And that's the reason I dislike any sort of basic income. The basic income funding majority is going to come from the middle class. Cost of goods are going to go up, and the middle class have to bear that as well. While the upper class are left generally unaffected. Basic income is not the way to address the problem with disproportionate wealth inequality.","No. I make 100k. There is no way in hell I would quit in order to sit around the house for 12k plus healthcare. Or even 32k in an even nicer world.","Well duh. The question isn't would you take just the basic income. The point is that if for some reason anyone just stopped working they'd be fine. A good example is that people could go do volunteer work and dedicate their lives to stuff that is fulfilling not necessarily just for money. No one is in a pickle for money, no one is desperate to pay the bills or anything else.","You're confusing need with want.\n\nThis is not to liberate people who have fulfilling jobs and make 100k lol.","&gt; When people lose everything they have nothing left to lose\n\nIs this a threat?\n\nAre you going to murder 100 million people, like the communists did in the 20th century?","Of course it's not a threat, and don't you think that old saw about communism is little long in the tooth? We're past that boogeyman now.","I'm glad we have people here to follow arguments through to their logical conclusion.","Thank you.","This will never work in the U.S.","Because greed and spreading terror?","What. The. Fuck.","1 is misguided because companies are rewarded more by the stock market for profitability than they are concerned with taxes.\n\n2 is frankly, racist and uninformed.","Bold much?\n\n&gt; 1 is misguided because companies are rewarded more by the stock market for profitability than they are concerned with taxes\n\nThat's bullshit and you know it. Profitability is not an issue if the company is growing and investing. Amazon was in the red until 2009 (it was founded in 1994!). Meanwhile their stock price has risen pretty steadily, exponentially, to around 620. The Yahoo purchase is a tricky situation exactly because of the difficulty in offloading the Alibaba assets without tax penalties. In this case, it's not possible to hide them under some losses or investment, so taxes are front and center. \n\n&gt; 2 is frankly, racist and uninformed\n\nCould you cite anything? I am citing 5 years experience in the field, including interfacing with engineers in India and Taiwan. Taiwan is much, much better than India, but still not the same expectation as you would have of an engineer in the west. I am not talking about the best of the work done in any country. I am talking explicitly about outsourced work, which is commodity engineering that anyone could do. Point being, it's not the core of the design work that's being sent away, it hasn't been, and won't for the forseeable future. Let's see what the next generation of engineers worldwide is capable of. Until then, I would reconsider throwing examples of outsourcing RnD around, when the reverse is happening in a lot of cases. ","You can't hold amazon up as normal for the stock market.  Their P/E is around 500.  The average is closer to 20.  Are you suggesting that we should be taxing revenue instead of profit because amazon re-invests to grow?  Is that behavior you want to discourage because it generates less taxes?  Do you understand that the reinvestment is literally what grows the economy?\n\nYou're underestimating asia because you've seen a handful of tech companies outsource garbage to the lowest bidder and get garbage back.","&gt; you suggesting that we should be taxing revenue instead of profit because amazon re-invests to grow?\n\nAbsolutely not, that's not what I said. I said that you can't look at the effects of taxation on profit as purely linear, because profits are already minimized to avoid taxation. If anything, you seem to agree with me that companies having profits is a bad thing, because that money doesn't grow the company. More taxes might actually increase the reinvestment, if that's the case. And, more consistent taxation across borders and countries would reduce the amount of offshore money. \n\n&gt; you've seen a handful of tech companies outsource garbage to the lowest bidder and get garbage back.\n\nNo, this was pretty standard software, using well-known companies and with an incredible similarity to literally every outsourcing postmortem I've read. \n\nAt the end of the day, if you use infrastructure, you should pay for it. If you have a business, you are using a ton of infrastructure - where do you keep your money? Would you be able to hire from an uneducated populace? How do you protect from thieves? How do your workers get into work every morning; is it roads, buses, what? Arguing that there should be flat taxes across the board ignores that the exact reason you are able to build your company is because of the infrastructure you pay for in taxes. If you don't believe me, try moving to some non-tech city in the deep south and starting a tech company. It just doesn't happen, because you lack infrastructure (in that case, educated workers). Try moving to Africa and see how well your company does, when you can't make weekly deposits and you have nobody to buy your product. I don't understand why people can argue against taxing people to pay for what earned them money in the first place; it's too obviously just \"fuck you, got mine.\"\n\n","What do they do if this money runs out?","Taxes aren't the kind of thing that runs out. ","Well that is blatantly wrong, but what I meant is what if someone's UBI runs out 2 weeks into the month? Do they get more?","Nope, it's a fixed guaranteed amount, should people desire to work to obtain additional income they may, but should it evaporate, that's on them. ","Well one benefit is that since it is sent to everyone by default, the bureaucracy will be much smaller, since all it will essentially do is mail checks (or direct deposit) to everyone. Compare that with the bloated mess that is our current welfare system (which many economists say DOES benefit the economy immensely by encouraging spending) which have huge bureaucratic systems.\n\nI think one major downside to it is that since it seems so unregulated and not means tested or relegated to particular use (it's just cash), I can definitely see some problems of poverty increasing, as people don't budget wisely. At least with something like SNAP you at least somewhat ensure the money is going towards feeding people. So if we're selling this to the country as replacing all those safety nets such as food stamps, and people don't budget well, you could potentially see more hungry people. And if you try to handhold people with the money (such as by doling it out monthly versus yearly) then you increase the cost of running the program. But maybe that's my own bias talking.","It's amazing how many people seem to think that businesses and wealth exist apart from the people who started them or earned it.  \n\nIt's as if people think Google existed before the guys who started it (we need to seize the means of production from the wealthy and return it to the people), or that every year there is this huge chunk of money that the economy distributes to everyone (the whole idea of wealth inequality).\n\nAt some point the businesses and wealth disappear when there is not enough incentive to create them, and with them go jobs, opportunity, and standard of living.","Ever notice how economic and technological game changers happen in more than one spot at about the same time? Like how both Newton and Leibniz invented the calculus at about the same time (and then tried to murder each other over who came up with it first)? Or how Europe and China both worked on printing technology at roughly the same time? Google didn't exist before the guys who started it, but the invention of a system like it was inevitable. If they hadn't done it, someone else would have. The wealth that our economy creates isn't down to a handful of business geniuses, it's all due to the amount of energy we have access to. If you want to say that's because of some few creative brilliances, it was Newton and the men who invented and refined the heat engine. They've all been dead for over two hundred years. Time to share the wealth they made possible, if it really is down to individual Great Men. But it's probably just civilization, doing what it does. Which is to say advancing, growing its wealth.","So, why would Google, or Microsoft, or Home Depot, or any business take the sacrifices and risks that the did to create the business entities that they did if they didn't have some kind of payoff?  You say it is inevitable.  Why?  Why would I risk debt, hardship, and poverty to create something that I would have no incentive to create?  And if it was never created, it would not exist.  Just saying it was inevitable removes the reason why these people wanted to create it.  Saying everyone is entitled to its profits because, \"it was inevitable\" is just justifying greed.\n\nTake for example a popular actor and a tax bracket of 90%.  At some point don't you think that actor is going to say, \"I'm not working for 10 cents on every dollar I make.  I'm not interested in the work.\"  Sure, some productions will just find another lead, in many instances the whole endeavor will be scrapped, as well as all the jobs that would have been taken for supporting actors, writers, makeup, cameraman, set people, extras, the local businesses sending donuts and coffee to the set everyday.  The money and the jobs created in that instance disappear, they never exist.  They can't be reappropriated to the masses because they were never there in the first place.  It's the same way for other businesses.","I don't agree. The output of the economy increases at ~ 4%. It has done this inexorably since the beginning of the Industrial Revolution. If your great man hypothesis were correct, then the economy would collapse every time one of these \"job creators\" died. But that's not what happens. The amount of wealth in our civilization has zero to do with \"great men.\" If these men didn't do what they did, someone else would step in to do it. The great man theory way overvalues a few people and undervalues everybody else.\n\nInstead of that, the economy produces wealth commensurate only with how much energy it has access to. That's all that matters. I know this is true because no great man was ever able to make the economy grow at 4% before the Industrial Revolution. If what you're saying is really true, where were these job creators in 1600? Or 1200? Or 4000 B.C.?\n\nAnd I'm not sure what you mean about businesses taking risks for no payoff. Of course there's a payoff. That's why they do it. But they are not singular to our civilization. If they did not do it, someone else would see the opportunity and take it. Because our civilization with its energy flows has made it possible to make a profit on something like that. It's inevitable because it makes sense to do it. I don't think anyone is arguing that businesses shouldn't make a profit, if that's what you're implying.\n\nLet's take your example of the actor. I'm not sure I find it credible that any actor ever turned down a worthwhile gig because of the marginal tax rate,even back when it actually was 90%. But let's say that is true. Do you think the movie studio is just going to say \"oh well\"? Are they going to leave all that money that moviegoers would spend just lying on the table? Of course not. They're going to go out and find a different star and promote him till he is as big a draw as our layabout actor friend. Because the actor does not create the wealth that is waiting to be spent on the movie. That wealth is out there in the system, waiting to be spent. The actor creates something of value, of course, but an economy isn't something he invented so that we could all benefit from his labors. So it is with so called \"job creators\". The economy existed before they came along; they're just taking advantage of it like everybody else. They should benefit from it, of course. But so should everybody else who participates in it.","The example I gave is actually one that Ronald Reagan said happened to him multiple times, as he lived in a period where the US had a 90%  tax rate and was an actor.  The producers evidently didn't believe they could get an actor who could create a box office draw to justify the investment, and the films he turned down were never made, according to his claims.\n\nHave you considered that the people who work for a company, and the owners of that company aren't equally invested in the success/failure of that company?  For example, where I work I get paid a set amount for every hour I work.  There are quarters or even years where businesses lose money.  The workers still get paid while the owners actually lose money.  Their investment is not equal.  So there has to be some extra pay off for starting, owning and operating a business besides an hourly wage.  There has to be an extra incentive for taking that risk to gain money, when the reality is you could just as easily lose money.  Every year thousands of businesses do fail.  If that extra incentive does not exist, why take the risk?  By reducing that incentive, business, innovation, wealth disappear or are greatly reduced.","In most approaches to UBI, it isn't. It's just a much simpler way of achieving the same goal that a lot of welfare has (ensure people have at least $X). The main difference with a lot of things is it's not tested on anything other than income (in the UK many benefits are tied to a combination of income, savings and hours worked).","$1,200 is on the high-end -- personally I think it should be lower than that at the present time, but taking inflation into account, in a few years it might be a more sensible figure. But even so, it works out to less than $4 trillion. 14,400 x ~200,000,000 adults = ~$2.8 trillion. ","The entire US budget is only $3.8 trillion.","Giving people money so they won't be stressed? So they don't have to work a \"meaningless\" job? Are you kidding me? ","You are correct in that these people don't directly contribute the most to society, but they enable everyone else to make their contributions. The software that I write doesn't really have much value in a vacuum, but the fact that I work for a billion dollar company means that they can leverage it into millions of dollars. Sure an engineer can come up with a very innovative design for a widget, but without a large manufacturing company that design wouldn't ever leave the paper. A doctor wouldn't be able to be nearly as efficient without the infrastructure of a hospital.\n\nNow if you take away the incentive to own the means of production, then who is going to do it? The State? If you've ever worked with any government agency you'd know that things would turn to shit real quick. ","Forgive me for being skeptical of a guy that talks to me about morality and fairness and helping others as he picks my pocket. \n\nYou want to do good in the world?   Do it with your own teo hands.   Don't steal the work of others. ","Let me make it clear since I apparently wasn't before, it is understood it is unfair to the wealthy but the alternative is much less likely to occur in a democracy. You'll get more votes suggesting taxing the top 1% at 5% higher than the top 3% that you will always end up taking more from the wealthier. It's borderline moronic in a democracy to suggest taking money from a substantially larger portion of the less wealthy.  \n ","Well, three things on that,\n\nOne, we live in a Republic, not a Democracy, by design, precisely because the minority shouldn't be beholden to a mob wanting to exterminate them or take all their stuff.\n\nTwo, I think that a progressive tax system is reasonable.  I think the greatest moral case can be made for a flat tax, but I very much understand having a progressive tax, within reason.  The difference is I think there should be an asymptotic top rate, that starts at 0% around the poverty level, and goes up to, say 25-35%, that people approach as they make more.  Not an exponential rate where the more they make, the more the value goes up.\n\nBecause that suggests that rather than money being your own reward for your own work - that you are instead owned by the government, and that the government is simply entitled to as much of your money as they want, and anything they leave you with you should be grateful for.  To me that is a disgusting concept.\n\nThirdly, it is borderline moronic to think you won't have a mob going after the wealthy for their money in a democracy.  But it's also borderline moronic to allow them to do so - hence why we weren't designed to be a democracy.\n\nIf you were to confiscate all the wealth of all the billionaires in the country - just kill them and take a 100% inheritance tax, according to the Forbes 400, you'd collect a net worth of somewhere between $2.2 and $2.5 Trillion dollars.  The annual federal budget is measured in Trillions, and its number starts with a '4'.  Some people try to evaluate whole companies owned by people, and arrive at a number more like $14-$20 Trillion.  Which still wouldn't pay off the Federal Debt. And then what do you do next year?\n\n\"Eating the Rich\" is not a sustainable model.  Capitalism results in some excesses where a few people can garner a lot of wealth.  But the alternative is very little growth, little innovation, little investment, and little effort. As Heinlein would call it: \"Bad Luck\".  You need a system that seems fairly fair, and equitable, to everyone involved.  That's the only way to get everyone willing to play and work hard.  And as a result you'll get some aberrant accumulation of wealth in a few big players, but that total wealth is still dwarfed by the larger economy.  A strong economy does *so* much more for poor people, (including sustainably making them no longer poor by organizing a job they can perform) than cannibalizing the rich and distributing their relatively tiny amount of wealth.","We are a democratic republic. This whole \"we are a republic not a democracy\" trope is as accurate as \"evolution is just a theory\". The people who create and enforce the tax codes on the executive level are either elected or appointed by elected officials. \n\nIRL government is about practicality more than morality.  You can make a case for a flat tax but it's not a sensible one.  Furthermore if you aren't a tax attorney I'd like to stop discussing this as it's unlikely your ideas of taxation are even slightly realistic given what you have written at this point. ","&gt; This whole \"we are a republic not a democracy\" trope is as accurate as \"evolution is just a theory\". \n\nWow. You could not be more wrong. Learn some basic history. ","The fact that you consider it history further indicates the problem","The United States was founded as and remains a Constitutional Republic. That's a fact, not a \"trope\". \n\nAll supporters of universal welfare should move to Venezuela. Socialism is working great there.","We're not, we're taking money from the people who have *ridiculously* much of it. And we aren't doing it for fun - we're doing it to help the people that have nothing. It's like you're hoarding a buffet table, while people are starving on the streets outside, and saying \"Why should I need to give 5 plates of food for those fuckers, just because I have more food rotting here than I could eat in a month?!\".","If you farmed the land, hunted the animals, and cooked the food, why do you *need* to give it to the people who stood there screaming at you while you did it instead of helping?","In your situation someone raised the cows you butchered, or built your tractors, brought you seeds, made fertilizer etc. but you don't give them any food. In our society corporations charge as much as they can for a product while paying out the least they can to build profits. However, pay is supposed to reflect necessity. In a world where people are not necessary or where there are so many that they are replaceable these profits get skewed and the people are the ones who suffer. So say George wants to charge you $5 for a cow that you want to slaughter and sell. But Tim will sell one for $4 because he needs the money. You don't care about buying George's cow even if you always had before because there are plenty of cows and people selling them. So George is now worthless to you. So maybe he can get by eating his own cow but can't sustain the rest of his cows because he can't get corn at $1. The only winner is you. Everyone else suffers because you get a better life at their expense even though they had been helping you make it to where you are. It's not fair, moral, or logical to say George can just piss off and starve because he is worthless to you now. So you can give George some corn to feed his cows so he can keep running and helping out as well as survive. Alternatively you can tell him tough stuff and watch his world fall apart until he gets hungry enough to show up with a shotgun to take your food. ","&gt;In your situation someone raised the cows you butchered, or built your tractors, brought you seeds, made fertilizer etc. but you don't give them any food.\n\nOh, I get it now. But you could have said from the start that in the situation you envision, I would be stealing materials from people and forcing others into slave labor while keeping 100% of the product. In that case, I can see why you would want a basic income, but wouldn't outlawing slavery and burglary be a better solution? Because if you do that, the whole premise of the situation falls apart. It sounds like you want to continue paying people borderline slave wages, then tax those people as well as their bosses to keep the unemployed alive in borderline poverty as well.","What you describe is market competition. In your example, 'I' am the consumer, and George and Tim are companies trying to sell me a product; 'a cow'. Tim sells it at a lower price, therefore I buy it from him and George goes out of business. You then argue that it is our moral duty to help George continue running his livestock business.\n\nBased on your example, you are suggesting that we should feel bad for companies who render themselves non-competitive due to high pricing.\n\nYou give me the impression that you are arguing for UBI, but your example is...really, really off. In the above, you are arguing that the 'only winner' is the consumer. Which I feel is contrary to the majority opinion of the pro-UBI crowd.","George isn't a business. George is a person. The cow is all he has. The cow is time.\n\nIf George sells all his cows and runs out of business he dies. But before then he will see his fields decreasing and worry for years about how they can't reproduce fast enough and fall into depression and/or go and rob you because he's desperate and wants to live.\n\nEdit: maybe the missing step here is that employers view employees as another business and have no moral obligations\n\nBut policing moral obligations for every company is going to be impossibly difficult so hand it over to UBI","&gt; why do you need to give it to the people who stood there screaming at you while you did it instead of helping?\n\nThat's really not how it works.","In my country and much of the Western world it is.","Money doesn't rot.","That is a valid point, I am 100% for having all citizens have a good, healthy life. I just don't think that handing everyone a pile of cash is the best way to do it","It's a good place to start, along with universal healthcare. There's definitely some problems to be worked out with UBI but I think it could help alleviate the fact that with today's technology employers don't need a lot of employees to make obscene amounts of money. This will affects us, friends, and family more and more as tech advances and I think more and more people will consider a UBI.","Indeed. And then there are all the non-cash social benefits provided by the state. But never mind! UBI is going to cure climate change and make all jobs meaningful and - ooh, I don't know - erase inequality. \n\nThe joke about the man who ate ten Carter's Liver Pills every day of his life. When he died, they had to beat his liver to death with a stick. Same is true of the UBI meme: it just won't bloody die. ","'climate change' hahaha some people are insane in the membrane","UBI would definitely remove useless jobs and consumption. So yes, climate change can be fought with UBI too. ","Haha the climate has always been changing, and always will. Humans had nothing to do with the great Ice Ages, they have nothing to do with the polar caps on Mars melting (look it up), and they have nothing to do with any current climate fluctuations. What laughable, childish horseshit.","**[This link](https://www.opr.ca.gov/s_listoforganizations.php)** lists the nearly 200 worldwide scientific organizations that hold the position that climate change has been caused by human action.\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nI'm not sure about you, but I would believe climate scientists over some guy on reddit. ","If one does not toe the party line, one is hounded and ridiculed into submission. It was the same with 'global cooling' in the 70s. Many of these 'scientific organizations' have nothing to do with 'climate' anything. The sky is not falling, stop the alarmist hysterical rhetoric.\n\nhttp://www.forbes.com/sites/peterferrara/2013/05/26/to-the-horror-of-global-warming-alarmists-global-cooling-is-here/#6b2475af69bb","Universal free money has become the opium of the reddit masses.  ","Would UBI pay people that already have jobs? My understanding is that UBI provides just a baseline income. If you already have a job then you won't get anything extra.\n\nIf that's the case, $4trillion would assume that everyone in US has no other income, which is not true.","You still need to pay them else you'll need administration to determine who doesn't have jobs. ","And luckily such an administration already exists because people have to pay taxes. ","I think Medicare, Medicaid and other welfare are run by different departments right? It's much more easier for everyone to file at least whatever amount ubi is plus extra income than having different bureaucracy to determine if you're sick, unemployed, or have other people in the same household. With a ubi to everyone, and provided they can afford basic Healthcare insurance with it. There's no need for welfare to exist. Maybe expand the IRS a little more to take more filings. ","The \"Universal\" part means that everybody gets it, no questions asked. ","Then you create a welfare trap wherein noone will work unless they earn substantially over the ubi amount. ","That's not *universal* income at all than is it. That's just welfare by another name. The very concept of UBI is that everyone gets it without exception. It would have to involve massive changes to tax structure, and in the US it would likely involve *enormous* cuts to the military to afford it, since the country spends such a ridiculous amount of money on that.","So it's... Literally just welfare? We have that already. ","Tl;dr - Trickle down economics. ","https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Pq-S557XQU","All of the UBI discussions on Reddit and I've yet to see a single accurate post explaining where the money comes from that isn't simply an increase in the currently established welfare system. UBI seems like an expensive way to take more money from the middle class who now work like dogs already to support the current system. ","Right now the very wealthy are hiding at least $20 trillion of our civilization's wealth in offshore tax havens. That's more than America's gross domestic product. We could start there.","You think that by increasing taxes the amount of offshore tax havens will be reduced? Good joke","http://legalinsurrection.com/2016/04/suicide-on-the-rise-in-the-us/ American lives are being lost. Thats the REAL cost.\n\n“This is part of the larger emerging pattern of evidence of the links between poverty, hopelessness and health,” said Robert D. Putnam, a professor of public policy at Harvard…","And where is this money going to come from?","Cannibalsnail you are talking about Letting American people die so you can make money off them?","So we should give everyone basic income and deplete the healthcare budget as a result. Now more people die.","You seem to really like trotting out that suicide statistic. Unfortunately your link has nothing to indicate that it is in any way connected to jobs.\n\nFor example \"rates increased sharply for girls 10-14\" are you proposing that we need UBI to prevent pre-teen girls from killing themselves over the stress of unemployment? That's clearly not the case.\n\nAlso \"men over 75 still have the highest suicide rate of any age group\". That's a group that's mostly eligible for a basic income provided by social security. Should I take away from this that basic income increases suicide risk? That seems to be what the data in your link suggests.","UBI is meant to be taxed away if one works, so the cost is not 4 trillion, its $12 000 times the amount of non-employed. US 60 % employment ratio would mean 323 million x 0.6 x $12 000=2.32 trillion USD, this would include kids and retirees. Pensions would probably count as \"working\" and kids would not receive the full amount. I don't know the real numbers for US, but it's not 323 million.","I get that it's the simplification of the century, but you've highlighted the problem with UBI. I can sit on my ass and get paid or I can work, only to have my wages taxed to the point that all I have is UBI anyway. Why would I go to the bother of participating in the economy at all if it represents only a marginal increase in my income? I don't get paid enough as it is, the last thing I need is a $12000 handout with a $24000 bill. ","If that's the way it would be implemented, then yeah, its a problem. But we can do it better.","If you're being paid your job is not meaningless -- it has exactly as much meaning to other people as the amount you're paid (modulo economic regulation).\n\nEdit: Even if you're not being paid, e.g. a stay-at-home mom, we can assign a value: what you would pay for someone to replace you or what your household saves by your work.","Aren't you conflating \"meaningless\" with \"worthless\"? The question \"What is this worth?\" is different from \"What does this mean?\".\n\nIf you asked a bunch of people \"What does *Imagine* by John Lennon mean?\" I doubt many people would answer \"$1.29 on iTunes.\"","Yes, I'm deliberately conflating them. Monetary worth is just a crude indicator of meaning. The \"exactly\" part of the statement is hyperbolic.\n\nThe \"meaning\" of a thing might be all its relationships to other things -- this is clearly a lot more complicated than just monetary value -- but all things with monetary value clearly have some meaning.","That's a good point, thanks for explaining! ","You have to think about menu costs, how much effort it would take to restructure a department. Some department heads are stuck in the past and don't take advantage of automation. ","When \"meaning\" is discussed in terms of a job, it's really used more to describe the impact the efforts of that position has on the world. \n\nI wouldn't confuse \"meaning\" with \"purpose\". There is obviously a purpose in going to work, but there may relatively little (if any) meaning. \n\nI think it's time we stop looking at work as only a means to earn money.","Work is what people do to provide for their needs. Since most people can't/don't know how to do all the work necessary to grow crops, build houses, etc., we need a medium of exchange -- money. This is simply what work is -- a way to keep body and soul together.\n\nSome people are lucky enough to do work which is also mentally, emotionally or socially fulfilling -- and I hope this number increases. However, there may always be jobs which just suck -- and we'll have to pay someone to do them.\n\nWork *is* a means to earn money/value -- all else is play.","For clarity, I wouldn't argue that most people in American society don't view work as mainly a means to getting more money. Work and money are definitely synonymous, here.\n\nHowever, work could also be considered the way one spends most of their time. A stay at home mother has work; she runs the household. A student has work, obviously. (One could argue that students work toward a diploma to find work, but a love of learning makes oneself a *life long student*, independent of value.)\n\nArtists projects are called \"works\", inspired by a need to express oneself. This is legitimately work, whether or not they make money on it. This is true whether or not the artist even intends to make money in the first place, I believe. The spirit of philanthropy and volunteerism defies the \"work for pay/value\" model.\n\nMoney isn't the only sort of return one receives in return for sacrificing convenience, effort, and time to accomplish something. In my opinion, of course! ","I write software which clearly has a value and a meaning, but boy do they like to make me do meaningless things. Meaningless is being put on a project that will be thrown away and you know it. But I'm not doing that for fucking free, my time is worth something.","That's one way to look at it.  But you quickly dehumanize many aspects of life if you assign a dollar value to everything.  \n\nLet's pivot your perspective just slightly and see what happens.  Instead of stating that payment indicates meaning, let's put it in more specific terms:  If you work, you get to eat.  I think you and I would laughingly agree that this latter statement is true.  This phrase has been used to justify dirty, or terribly unjust jobs, or shitty jobs, for a long time.  It's how we manage our limited choices when they consist of a bad job and a worse job.  It's what's underneath another phrase, \"Somebody's gotta do it.\"\n\nSo is it OK for us to say the opposite statement is also true?  If you don't work, you get to starve?\n\nThis probably makes both you and I uncomfortable.  After all, we don't want starving people being seen in a wealthy nation; it's embarrassing (laughter).  We throw away enough food to prevent starvation (more embarrassed laughter).  Why shouldn't everyone eat when we all know we have enough of a perishable commodity for everyone?\n\nThis is the difficult root question.  It goes to the heart of the spiritual lack of will exhibited in some of our politicians and clergy.  It's why the previous popes weren't all that successful in terms of caring for their flocks; they were seen as real estate developers.\n\nAgain, the statement is:  If you don't work, you get to starve.  The question is, is this true of the world we are creating?\n\nIf you try to simplify this question down to just dollars and cents, you're running away from the question.  This question cannot be made to be comfortable.  That is why the posts about UBI are filled with lots of bile and sound bites, where someone subconsciously knows that UBI is addressing a shameful situation and someone else intellectually knows that UBI is a pipe dream if we would just look at the numbers.  But the question remains.  Both sides are correct, but they aren't answering the real question.\n\nConsider this:  farm subsidies are exactly like the UBI.  They keep our food cheap.  They keep our farms going through good times, and bad.  This keeps our food plentiful.  If someone has a dollar, they can buy an orange and a banana for lunch.  How is that possible without subsidies?  Sometimes they aren't even grown in our hemisphere.\n\nNow consider the meaning of the following two anecdotes.  I now work as a programmer and I automate stuff.  The job carries with it a certain coolness, but it doesn't really get me excited.  I eat.  I live almost well enough.  I have some sense of security in my career choices, but still an uneasiness about the future.\n\nBut compare this to how I felt in my former career, working for a small company that contributed to the repairs of the Hubble Space Telescope, and seeing parts of the Universe for the first time, knowing my hands and mind had been involved in creating them.  I made a lot less money than I do now.  The work with the chemicals actually made me unhealthy, even though I loved the materials and the products we made.  But at that time in my life, that work felt sexy cool.  And that job ended with the fall of the Berlin Wall; we just didn't feel it for another five years.\n\nMeaning cannot actually be abstracted away into a dollar amount; meaning remains within the person doing the work, private and solely theirs.  Work can be measured in economic terms, and this is appropriate.  However, the meaning of work cannot.\n\nHope this helps.","Doesn't help. The universe, at the moment anyway, dictates that to keep your body alive, you must put food in your mouth. You must therefore procure that food from somewhere or someone -- someone must work for you to eat -- unless you're stealing the food, that person is you.","&gt; The universe, at the moment anyway, dictates that to keep your body alive, you must put food in your mouth. \n\nThat's one way to express hunger.  But is that the universe, or just your biology?  If it's the latter, then you have more say in how you accomplish procuring food.\n\nThis expression of a universal order or dictate is the same assumption used to justify slavery and many other experiments to put food in our own mouths.  \n\nI would counter that your understanding, while logical, is tied to a fundamental assumption that is filtering your options in ways that are not reliably useful.  To say \"It is what it is\" is sometimes a good way to blow off steam and get on with life, but it's also a trap for your mind.","No, there is a thing called energy. For anything to function, it must be used. Biologically, we have to take that energy from plants and animals -- literally killing them in the process (though perhaps we can change that in the future). Even in the distant future, rational beings will require some form of energy to function.","You are funny.  Everyone understands energy cycles.  Everyone understands economic exchanges of value.  The mechanics of the systems are not in question. \n\nPerhaps our disconnect on the definition of meaningful work comes from you never having done something you felt was meaningless.  \n\nOr are we talking about something else now?","If you think procuring energy for yourself is meaningless ...","If I am at the end of my life with a terminal disease or injury, then, yes it would be meaningless.  \n\nMeaning is not synonymous with need.  Meaning always has a context and is subjective.   This is why some people will walk away from a 'dream job' to do something else.  The search for and acquisition of meaning is not the same as the search for food.","If you read my other comments, I never said it was -- I said: \"If you're getting paid, someone values your work -- it has value.\"","If a job can be done by 5 people and there are 10 people to do it there are 5 meaningless jobs.","you do realize redundancy is built into most businesses for a reason?\n\n","Time to layoff some people so I can improve bottom lines and raise earning thus raise stock prices thus raise my bonus. Shopping for a new yacht.\n\n-CEO","and thats how you lose all your money through embezzlement. \n\nwithout redundancy without doublechecks. the shitty employees I won't pay a decent wage to can't be trusted not to steal from me. \n\nthus lowering the bottom line. and lowering stock prices. ","You fail to realize just how redundant some government jobs can be. The same with big corporations..","no. I do not fail to... \n\nthat is awfully presumptous of you. I've even designed some of these ridiculously redundant systems for businesses... because if you don't THEY FALL APART. once 1 person makes a mistake it just gets carried through CAUSE NO ONE EVER CATCHES IT. \n\nits god awful and will cost you 5x more to fix every time than just having some fucking redundancy built into the system. ","People don't seem to realize that people are less reliable than transistors.","I honestly don't think I've ever seen a mistake that didn't just come down to \"human error\" \n\n","No. Perhaps this is the way the manager (or whoever) want to balance efficiency and robustness. Is your CPU useless when it's idle? Or maybe you actually need it when the need arises?","And what about the instances where it isn't done in an efficient manner?  Say a million people for a job that can be accomplished by one. How many of those jobs have meaning?","Are those people paid? Yes? Then all of them have some meaning -- however small a part they may have in the share. I've never said that some people's jobs don't have very little meaning.","Well, the closest proxy to what you've defined is the unemployment rate, which makes it fairly clear that there aren't many meaningless jobs.\n\nYou can't have it both ways. Either corporations are evil and lay off everyone to maximize profits or people work meaningless unnecessary jobs. These two are contradictory.","I don't want people working meaningless jobs, I want UBI which in most first world countries will be more efficient than having millions of meaningless jobs.","I disagree. Encouraging people not to work does not promote efficiency.\n\nI would love for you to show me these meaningless jobs. Aside from maybe some of the government jobs out there, I can't think of many meaningless private sector jobs. People tend to fire quite quickly if an employee's job becomes 'meaningless'.","&gt;I would love for you to show me these meaningless jobs.\n\nLike every single industry that only survives because of import tariffs? If you can only survive because the government blocks your competition then you're not efficient, you should be doing something else, your job is meaningless we would all be better off if just buying the foreign product.\n\nBecause what people fail to realize is that its the consumers money which keeps those inefficient industries alive, when the korean car has a 20% import tariff, so your local automaker can compete, that means that the consumer is going to have to pay 20% more to sustain your inefficient company running.\n\nWhat I think is that with something like basic income everyone has a say about it, it would be decided in elections where everyone can have a say. On the other hand lets say an automotive workers union in Detroit, they clearly are not competitive against a factory in China or Korea, the workers there make $5/hour while the ones in Detroit make $15, so why aren't they out of business? Because they get some protections from the government ergo the general population, like import taxes and the likes. So they are in business because the general population make a sacrifice, in this case pay more for their cars because of the import taxes. But the general population don't have a say about what benefits the Detroit workers get in exchange of the general population sacrifice, its decided by the company and the union, so in the end a small group of people decides what to do with everyones money, I find this fundamentally wrong and that it could be avoided with something like basic income. The benefits the society gives should be distributed by the whole society not by some companies and unions.","Yeah, but what about commutes? Being stuck in a job 2 hours away from home has its expenses: You have to consume fast food, waste in gas or transport, etc. And I'm betting there are tons of women who would love to be at home with their kids instead of having to work full time and waste part of it in a nanny.","Don't commute? Prices in the city are too high? Why? Maybe look for a job not in the city? Surprise! Jobs in the city pay more because there are more resources there. You've got some rather traditional ideas about gender roles (which I happen to agree with) -- but those people (women, whatever) *could* choose to stay home -- but they would have to make a few economic sacrifices, of course. They *choose* to work because they think it's a better investment of their time -- better house, better food, better education for kids, etc. -- if they valued time with their children more, then they would do that instead.\n\nYou *can* do what you *choose* to do -- just don't expect anyone to pay you for it unless you offer value to them.\n\nEdit: Grammar done gooder. ","What about single mothers?","Who should support them? Who are they morally allowed to take from to provide for their own needs?\n\nTheir former partners should help to raise/pay for the children -- but if all people are equal, should they have to pay for the women's life as well? Here it is: the cost of childcare should (probably is) included in child support. Unfortunately, a man (assuming the mother has the child) should only have to pay some more than half of the child care expense -- this may not be enough to support the mother as well. (Especially as they won't be saving money by only having one house.) The woman has no choice but to work ... but this is a condition which has always existed -- women have always done things (mostly at home) which bring a bit of extra income: weaving, beer making, nursing, midwifing, ..., even ... dare I say it ... nah, you know.\n\nAgain, single mothers will probably have to work for some income, but they need not work away from the home if they really don't want to.","&gt; Who are they morally allowed to take from to provide for their own needs?\n\nIf the robots produce all the value, then the robots. Zero marginal costs.\n\n&gt; Their former partners should help to raise/pay for the children\n\nSo if a guy has sex with 10 girls and gets all of them pregnant, how can you expect him to support ALL OF THEM?\n\nIf you want people to maintain their family, you need to choose: a) Mandatory contraception and population control, or b) Basic income.\n\nI think we should have both, overpopulation is a terrible thing for the planet, for families, and for the population in general. When jobs are scarse, overpopulation only devalues wages.\n\nNo. You still got the \"everyone must work to eat\" mentality, which is something that we are trying to avoid.","https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Personal_income_in_the_United_States\n\nSo then this graph of worth says we're losing meaning.","UBI can be a lot cheaper for a lot of countries than subsidies and hundreds of thousands of not needed government workers that could be easily cut with UBI. I'm pretty sure many economies will be a lot more competitive with it, just think of the reduced labor conflictivity in countries like France. You have no idea what youre talking about.","Under UBI, isn't everyone a government worker?","No they're not.","Its attractive to see that everything has solutions in writing checks for people to do nothing.. but who could seriously think that's true. Doesn't it seem contrived?","The idea with UBI isn't so much that it is to unemploy millions, but to  fill a void that will be **[created](http://ei.marketwatch.com//Multimedia/2016/02/22/Photos/NS/MW-EF989_automa_20160222113602_NS.jpg?uuid=5c9acd98-d982-11e5-91e4-0015c588e0f6)** due to no fault of our own.\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nPeople can then focus on culture development, self-improvement through next generation education mediums ( such as VR), should it be yoga, martial arts, or studying. Automation will create a stark increase in GDP output, and should be embraced as such. ","There are advantages to universal basic income. To some degree it is simply recognizing the reality that many people already live. The point I'm making is that its not a panacea for the environment or enhancement to productivity. Those inferences are daft, self serving and improv. Folk aren't going to find they live longer not working. Yoga is great but its not that type of magic.","Should people desire to work, or should they find further value in work, they may. I'm not sure *quite* what you're getting at, but people are simply worse at performing tasks than robots are. \n&amp;nbsp;\n\nPeople that make it to 2100 will likely live forever. The singularity will bring upon technologies we can only dream of from a health perspective, such as eating a yogurt and losing weight from a different gut bacterium. ","1) (4e12) / (2.8e3) = 1.4e9 or 1.4 Billion.\n\n2) (4e12) / (2.8e3*12) = 1.19e8 or 119 Million.\n\nSo are you saying people would make 2,800 USD per year (#1) which means we are giving 1.4 Billion people money, which is ~3x the US total population?\n\nOr are you saying we would pay people 2,800 USD per month (#2), which would cover only about 1/3 of the US population or ~0.5x the total US adult (over 18) population?\n\nI'm really just trying to cover your mathematics. ","You're using 4 trillion and 2800 which don't have anything to do with each other in his comment. 927 billion and 2800 per year go together and 12000 per year and 4 trillion go together.","&gt; 12000 per year and 4 trillion go together.\n\nThank you, that's what I missed.","My numbers are per year for 340 million Americans. I don't know what you're doing. ","Just to add... for UBI to work would also need market controls on things like rental levels and some basic subsistence. If those don't exist then their levels would simply rise to meet the newly available capital people have. With most people living in corporate rental housing owned by a few local property owners... they will increase rental rates as soon as they legally can to the highest level the market can support. That level would the percent of UBI + regular median income in an area as high as it can go for peoples ability and willingness to pay with limited supply and sources for available housing.\n\nWith that in mind, if UBI were to replace things such as social security pay, disability assistance payments, unemployment benefits etc. without some market price controls in place it would work great to benefit the middle class and higher earners to provide more liquid capital, but be potentially outright harmful to the poorest populations dependent on other types of government assistance to make ends meet. With controls it would benefit everyone.. including property owners by providing improved stability on revenue streams.\n\nSo, UBI can work.. just need some market price controls at critical points to go along with it which would be a really bitter pill to swallow for many. \n\nEdit: Clarity. \n\nAlso math wise... really need to look at the numbers to make sure what a proper UBI is worth. \n\n1 Trillion a year divided by a 300 million population is only $3333.33 a year or about $277.78 a month which would not be enough for any sort of UBI worth a damn for anyone in the US. Figure a functional median UBI needs to be somewhere around $12-1500 a month which is less than full-time minimum wage work for most areas, but just enough to make ends meet for a single person. However, at say $1500 a month for 300 million people that would come out to be $5,400,000,000,000 a year which is more than the federal budget for 2015 at $3.8 trillion\n\nLikely adjustments to UBI would probably need to be made for age and family size as well as region.. North Dakota and middle of nowhere Wyoming are a very different from CA, NY etc. ","No, No, and No. That is not a UBI. What you are doing *is* socialism. The problem of real estate inflation is whole separate issue that has to be handled independently. No doubt, a UBI will cause some inflation, but a UBI can't be totally devalued. \n\nAnd you can't means test it by region, a UBI is *universal* and has to remain so. (btw, region based cost adjustment is a horrible policy in general) Some exception can be made for children, but it has to be very limited to prevent abuse. \n\nFinally, you are thinking of a UBI as if it were equivalent to an actual job. It can not (which is why you were forced to think of price controls too). A functional UBI basically has to be on par to a persons first part time job. The idea is to define a floor on income, not be a complete substitute for it.","&gt;That is not a UBI. What you are doing is socialism.\n\nNo, I was describing the mechanics of how things would fold out and what problems there would be there in. Those need to be addressed if an UBI is implemented otherwise it becomes a wasted effort. The solutions I mentioned were some of the more obvious types even if unpopular ones. One option would be to expand on affordable community housing options.. however, even now most communities in the US fail at providing those.\n\n&gt; but a UBI can't be totally devalued.\n\nWasn't saying \"devalue UBI\" was saying that it would lead to problems if no price caps controls were in place. Was describing systems and ways to maximize value to not only the consumer but distributing authority alongside communities. regional adjustment wise.. for UBI a sum that is sufficient to help people make ends meet in say rural Mississippi is a wholly different sum to what helps in say San Francisco. \n\n&gt;And you can't means test it by region, a UBI is universal and has to remain so. (btw, region based cost adjustment is a horrible policy in general)\n\nHow so?\n\nTry equating the UBI to say the housing allowances military distributes to its members who do not live in barracks. Its set to the median cost of rents in a given zip code and is adjusted annually. Single service members get slightly less than those with dependents. In that context giving a national flat rate would outright harm service members in more expensive areas while disproportionately benefiting those in cheaper ones. While for those living in expensive areas the flat rate would still be better than getting $0 it would fail to make ends meet in those areas. \n\nOther than that, What is a sufficient UBI? For $273 a month per person that would run a cost of a trillion dollars a year. $273 is not enough to do anything with.. it can help make bills and such but its an minuscule amount. $12-1500 a month would be more appropriate, however at that level it would exceed the federal budget from last year. \n\nWould be nice to see someone actually do numbers and math on total expenditures, maximizing returns, and showing what the appropriate rate would be. People like to talk about the benefits and drawback of a UBI on a philosophical level or outright speculative level but without a doubt just about always forget to deal with the proper math and things like maximizing value, regional baseline cost differences and how far a given dollar will go.\n\nEdit: clarity","The problem with regional cost of living differentiations is that it exacerbates the problem. In fact, it ties into the reasoning you are giving for price controls on housing. Lets take a current example. In Oregan they just passed a new minimum wage law. Rural areas will see a wage increase from $9.25 to $12.50 by 2022. Other areas will move to $13.50. And the Portland area will increase to $14.75. What will be the result? More people will leave the rural areas and move to the cities, especially Portland. Housing prices will then go up even more, both b/c of the wage increase and b/c more people are moving there. The prices will rise more percentage wise than the minimum wage increases. So prices get even more lopsided. It becomes more and more expensive to live in the city and the rural areas too b/c all the good paying jobs are gone.\n","First, please tell me what an appropriate UBI amount would be... Once we have a given numeric value its easy enough to do some math on maximizing value. It was the whole big thing in my post.. hell the regional adjustments part was secondary to it. people always ignore that question.. and instead keep on going with speculative and philosophical discussions about the whole topic which are next to worthless. \n\n&gt; What will be the result? More people will leave the rural areas and move to the cities, especially Portland.\n\nWell that has nothing to do with the regional adjustments. The majority of the move from rural areas to cities involve the fact that many rural areas usually don't have enough steady work opportunities for people to stay in them. Let alone well paying work opportunities. which all have next to nothing to do with what a given minimum wage is... let alone what an UBI might do. \n\nEven now the overall cost of living in the rural areas is often also much lower than in larger cities such as Portland. Having a variable UBI would not change that nor lead to mass migration. Getting say $1200 in Portland vs $1000 in the rural area a few hundred miles to the side would not lead to an influx in people moving out. Both amounts would be appropriate for the given regions and would pay towards the relative costs of living therein. $1200 in a given big city will get you much less on the dollar than their rural counterparts. \n\nBut once again, i will repeat the question,  \n\nWhat is an appropriate UBI amount? The standard to start from... without any regional, age or family size related adjustments counted in. Its much easier to deal with the math of how something is to be implemented if one has given a numeric value to the whole thing.\n\nThe part you responded with falls in to philosophical and speculative discussion on potential economic points... it does not address the actual number behind what a UBI should be and how its value could be maximized thereafter. ","I thought I gave a figure, but maybe it was in a conversation with someone else. Anyhow, I can give you a good rough estimate for a UBI. Looking at a graph of income distribution, http://spirospero.net/55-income1992.gif, notice the it is a distorted bell curve -- it drops off precipitously in the low income range. Ideally what we want is a sloping curve, high in the front and gently slopping down. So to do that we need to adjust the curve around the 20% mark, or about $10,000 annually. That's about $800/mo. \n\nEven so I would recommend easing into it, starting with no more than half that, maybe even a fourth, then slowly raising it over a course of some years. That way it can be easily monitored to see where the market starts to inflect too much, then it can be pulled back a bit and thus the amount settled is a very epistemological way. \n\nSo for argument's sake lets say $400 on the low-end and $800 high-end.\n\n(Note, another simple way to this figure is approximately a minimum wage half-time job. But I prefer to not use minimum wage in the calculation.)\n","&gt; So for argument's sake lets say $400 on the low-end and $800 high-end.\n\nWith that in mind, what is it supposed to accomplish and is it sufficient for that purpose? If someone has no work, or are disabled and cant work are they supposed to make ends meet on that, or? $4-800 is a nice bonus for working families and individuals... may not be sufficient to help the rest without things like proper affordable housing options etc. $400 may be just enough to cover food costs.. nothing more.\n\nIn some areas such as say Guam(statistical outlier) your average utility bill is like $300 if not $600(depending on family and abode size) even with conservative use, rents for a two bedroom easily $1800+ a month alongside food costs that are somewhere around double if not quadruple stateside equivalents. Median income/HH $53,400... that UBI can help but its not going to be enough to matter much. \n\nNow $4-800 in rural Kentucky might be perfectly fine... but not in larger cities by any means and one still does not have guarantees of work or other income in those places. Now one option for regional adjustments involves state level \"add on funding\" which can be put in on a regional basis. Federal level UBI the same for everyone, but states can slap on their own extras to help adjust for regional cost differences. That would help with the whole difference of how far a dollar will go in CA vs MS...\n\nNow $800 a month, that's $2.88e+12, or 2.88 trillion something like 2/3s of the federal budget for 2015... if everyone gets it. Need to figure out how to pay for that and not have a negative impact on things like education funding, national defense, critical infrastructure maintenance and all that.\n\n\nFrom your other reply, \n&gt;$200 might not sound like a lot, but it is enough to sway people from living in rural area.\n\nIf it does, then they are not all that bright and likely wouldn't be able to make ends meet anywhere they went. If your median rent in the rural area is $750 a month why would someone move out to a city with double that rate with no true guarantee of work. A sufficient UBI + shit job in a rural area is still more than likely better than the UBI plus shit job in a city income wise even at adjusted rates... Let alone jsut trying to make ends meet with a UBI.","Here's the fundamental problem with your argument... you are trying to give people enough money to do whatever they please, i.e. live in an expensive place, use tons of electricity and eat to the point of gluttony, all without working one hour. You have it backwards. If someone is stuck living on a UBI only, having no additional support (e.g. living with others) then they can move to a less expensive place. The point of a UBI is not to give everyone enough money to live a perfectly comfy life wherever they might reside, but simply to put a floor, a safety net, as they say, on the downside.\n\nWith regard to regional differences, that is not how people think. People tend to be optimistic about their *own* chances. they are going to go for the perceived chance of \"making it big\" -- this already happens. Moreover, they will go b/c there won't even be shit jobs. Why do you think all the South Americans come to the U.S.? It's dirt cheap to live where they are, but there is no opportunity whatsoever. We need to balance the playing field better than that. Regional adjustments will only make them worse.\n","&gt;  you are trying to give people enough money to do whatever they please, i.e. live in an expensive place, \n\nNo, that is incorrect. I'm trying to maximize benefit and look at what would be the minimum by which to make due if nothing else is available. \n\nWhat is an expensive place for rural Arkansas is a 1 bed rundown dirt cheap place in the San Francisco market at the same cost.(pretty much anywhere in CA honestly.) hell even in San Diego the rural area of the county a 1 bedroom sub 800 sqft apartment in the bad part of town runs $1200-1400 a month + utilities and other ancillary costs. Stuff 3 people in there with a $800 UBI and they might just make due if no other income is available. Jackson MS that same thing runs $700 a month in which case two people sharing will be more than capable of making ends meet on $800 a month. \n\nWhat I have been describing to detail are the differences in living costs between regions.. not trying to promote gluttony etc as you described. \n\nGuam as an example, I lived there, did not use AC, turned off the water heater for most of the day sans 15 minutes prior to use taking a shower. We washed clothes in cold water... the electricity bill was $300 because its an island in the middle of nowhere with one electricity producer. Its a US territory and a $800 UBI would be woefully insufficient for anything... even to meet basic needs. It was literally 2-4 times the price of basic food stuff Stateside... Think wholefood prices, but instead of that kind of food it would be for the cheapest stuff you could ever find at a dollar store shelf. \"Fancy\" non necessary items like say a bottle of unsweetened cranberry juice that runs around $3-4.50 here in the states was $16.00 there in 2012. \n\n&gt; all without working one hour.\n\nAgain, no I'm not... and I resent the exaggeration made in to an accusation. \n\nI'm trying to point out that there are situations beyond an individuals control which may make it impossible to work such as disability. Hell even able bodied people can have prolonged periods of not being able to find employment. Those issues need to be addressed. The UBI there in if all other social support is taken away is insufficient to cover basic needs anywhere. $4-800 is insufficient for most markets in the US. As you describe it.. it would be wholly insufficient to meet basic needs of people in most of the nation. \n\n&gt;The point is of a UBI is not to give everyone enough money to live a perfectly comfy life wherever they might reside, but simply to put a floor, a safety net, as they say, on the downside.\n\nExcept if the amount is insufficient.. it fails to provide a safety net... what I'm trying to point to is that as described a UBI of $4-800 would fail to meet even the basic needs of a single individual.(nothing to do with glutony and comfort as you  went to assume and accuse) In most places we would need more affordable housing options to ensure that people don't go homeless. (most places do not have enough of affordable housing options period.)\n\n&gt;Why do you think all the South Americans come to the U.S.? \n\nStable nation without danger of various sorts of violence, much better pay than back at home, better education opportunities for their children etc. difference between a shit job and cheapo housing in US cities vs rural is a whole lot less than US vs central/south america. Living in poverty in western nations is a wholly different matter than living in poverty in say Guatemala. Would you rather be destitute in the US or destitute in say Central mexico? Its a pretty easy choice and not a comparable one to US city vs US rural.\n\nDeveloping nations you would make a dollar a day doing lots of labor.. where as in the US that same job doing less labor pays a lot more. the comparison does not fit... if you've been to any developing nation you'd know the types of conditions many are trying to escape.. and its not for the sake of making a few hundred $ more or \"trying to make it big\" its about trying to change the basic conditions of living for one self and ones children. Its not an appropriate comparison.\n\nRegional adjustments would not make any of that any worse... it would however maximize utility of every dollar spent on the UBI for all involved. \n\n","&gt; Guam as an example, I lived there, did not use AC, turned off the water heater for most of the day sans 15 minutes prior to use taking a shower. We washed clothes in cold water... the electricity bill was $300 because its an island in the middle of nowhere with one electricity producer.\n\nSo why is that everyone else's problem? Why should you get more UBI b/c you choose to live on an expensive paradise Island?\n\n&gt; $4-800 is insufficient for most markets in the US. As you describe it.. it would be wholly insufficient to meet basic needs of people in most of the nation. \n\nNo, $800 is enough to meet *basic* needs. Its just not enough to just keep living like you might want. You can get a roommate, or rent a room instead of an apartment.  And, you just might be able to get a temp/part-time job. because, BONUS!, since we have a UBI we don't need a minimum wage anymore, so there will be more job opportunities. Many disabled people could do some light part-time work. Hell I expect most would even like too. Right now the system is so screwed up they can't b/c they would loose their *means-tested* benefits. And remember, that everyone is getting the UBI. So if someone is having a hard time making ends meet, a relative has more money to help out. And almost everyone has relatives. \n \n&gt; (most places do not have enough of affordable housing options period.)\n\nI agree with you, but that is a separate issue, that needs to be dealt with separately.\n\n&gt; ... difference between a shit job and cheapo housing in US cities vs rural is a whole lot less than US vs central/south america. Living in poverty in western nations is a wholly different matter than living in poverty in say Guatemala. Would you rather be destitute in the US or destitute in say Central mexico? Its a pretty easy choice and not a comparable one to US city vs US rural.\n\nI'd rather be rich in Central Mexico. Your argument is only a matter of degree. And there's some pretty damn poor places right here in the States if you get off the beaten path. \n\n&gt; Regional adjustments would not make any of that any worse... it would however maximize utility of every dollar spent on the UBI for all involved. \n\nIt would not at all. I don't understand why you can't see how it will lead to ever increasing division of wealth between urban and rural areas when it's already happening! If it so expensive to live in the cities, why are people still moving there? You can't have it both ways.\n\n\nP.S. I knew you'd take the word \"gluttony\" the wrong way. What I wrote was meaning \"up to the point of\", not actually being it. If things are very tight one simply can't afford to eat as they please all the time.\n","I think you are dead wrong about regional adjustments. $200 might not sound like a lot, but it is enough to sway people from living in rural area. And it will exacerbate the problem. I guarantee in 10 years Oregon will be at it again and they will have to increase wage in the cities even more. Ultimately they'll end up with a San Fransisco like situation on their hands. Of course, that's what the land owners of Portland want -- it will make them rich -- to the detriment of everyone else.","Direct historical reference would be nice. This isnt really \"filling\".","It will be cheaper to allow local police to 'cleanse' the streets, like the back streets of Rio.","Can they start with your street?","Why? Any schmuck off the street can clean a toilet ","Just because anyone can do it doesn't mean it should be low paying.  The supply of labor for a given job is an important factor, but so are other factors.  A janitor is literally cleaning up the shit of others, and shouldn't be given poverty wages given the health hazards, social stigma, and just grossness of the job.","there is something called 'the Market'. It is a very, very powerful force and always appears where there is supply and demand. Are you smarter than the Market?\n","You act as if \"the market\" is a level playing field, you fucking fool. The market is controlled by a handful of people. ","Do you really think UBI that is developed by politicians will be any different?","You are talking about the market like it's a sentient entity that knows the most fair price.  An unregulated market only creates a price that reflects supply and demand, and there's no reason to assume that supply and demand will reflect the ideal price.\n\nWell designed regulations will adjust the price based on the circumstances.  Without that, desperate people end up cleaning up the shit of others and living in poverty.\n\nDo you *really* think that paying someone 7.25 an hour (actually lower without minimum wage regulations) to clean toilets is fair, but that higher-than-market wages is an injustice?  If so you've got a really warped view of morality.","Not an injustice, but not smart business. Businesses that take on unnecessary expenses rarely prosper. When the business fails because of their above average wages and all their employees are out of work, who have they really helped? ","Businesses are not going to collapse if they have to pay a higher wage because their competitors will also be subject to the regulation.\n\nThe free market rate doesn't reflect what value the employee adds to the business, even when it's simple enough to put a dollar amount on it.  If an employee contributes $20/hr in added value, that is simply the price ceiling for the business, and with a large supply of labor the actual wage received can be less than half that.  If wages are increased through legislation, and still fall below that price ceiling, businesses won't lay off the employee.\n\nThe point of a minimum wage is to prevent workers from getting paid a market price that is very low, and it does not mean businesses can't handle the added expense.\n\nThe market rate isn't a magical signal for what a worker deserves or what a business can handle.  It is simply what gets negotiated in an imbalanced market.\n\nI'll out it one last way: if the supply of labor changed and the market price increased naturally to a higher wage for janitors (say $15/hr) would businesses collapse?  The change in expense is the same natural or artificial, so why act like the cause of the change (I.e. supply changes v. Policy changes) will somehow affect the business's outcomes?","If wages increase, so do prices. ","Such a stupid counterpoint. ","It's simple supply and demand. ","Not really. Does cleaning a toilet require education? \n\nIf yes, not any schmuck off the streets can do it.\nIf no, any schmuck off the streets can do it.","Not really. Higher paying. But it's not like there aren't people out there that aren't willing to clean toilets for good money. The skill level is low, and the need for money sufficiently high. With UBI, the need for money reduces, but without a significant UBI, there'll still be demand for it.\n\nSo the pool of those willing to do it shrinks... but it's not going to disappear. Moreover, the demand for clean toilets can be somewhat price elastic - businesses will consider the importance of clean toilets against the cost of clean toilets. Which is something that already happens in a lot of places. Few people pay for home cleaning - they just do it themselves.\n\nYou'll also see those duties subsumed by people that use the toilets most - if they're bothered by it.\n\nAlso, the assumption that it can't be automated is highly disputable. I mean.. by the time UBI provides a high living standard compared to current day, it's reasonable to assume that exactly that sort of menial task will be automated (along with many other things).","UBI sounds like the first solution  someone proposes in a brainstorm which is (and should be)quickly thrown  away as the flaws become obvious.\n\nI do not know how easy it would be for government to control the population when their basic safety net is at the whims of these institutions.\n\n","I think the most convincing argument I've heard is that instead of hiring people to evaluate who needs welfare, then handing out said welfare to people, they get rid of all the extra bureaucracy involved and just blanket it across the population, so much is already spent on social security every year, it wouldn't be that ridiculous to convert it straight to basic income.\n\nThe reason UBI is gaining any traction at all is because of automation. Automation is going to take away so many jobs, and we'll either need to create more jobs, or rely on social security and transition into a society that doesn't hinge it's self worth on people's abilities to do a job. \nhttps://www.technologyreview.com/s/519241/report-suggests-nearly-half-of-us-jobs-are-vulnerable-to-computerization/\n\nThat study says 45%, and considering how fast technology grows, I don't doubt it. We either create more jobs, keep the pay the same but reduce the hours (this has shown to be fairly effective in some Northern European countries), or do UBI.\n\nI personally would choose the one that steals the least amount of time away from me in the form of a job, which is why I don't think going the pure capitalist direction by creating more jobs is the way to go. I'm assuming you're not completely unfamiliar with the negative effects of working too many hours has, (increased suicide rates in middle age white males, steadily decreasing birth rates(this is also a product of many other things), overall less happy lives). So I'd rather seek out an alternative way of doing things, and I think giving UBI a go in this post communist power struggle society is at the very least worth it for the knowledge, and not something quickly thrown away, but that's just me. ","These arguments and sentiments have already been addressed in this thread and others.\n","Jeah, and we still see things differently if you are against UBI. If the discussion is finished do we turn to arms? Last stage of politics is war.","I've been discussing this topic for hours.Eventually, I've realized that nobody in this discussion will have any say on whether UBI should be implemented.\n\nIt's a waste of time.Go read what others have said.I'm done.","Yeah never mind a crushing national debt and nothing getting done. Wow Reddit is really on this idea. ","If janitors are high paying jobs, clean toilets become a luxury items that not everybody can afford. How much are you willing to pay to use a clean toilet?  \nUnpleasent jobs are plenty. Nearly all service jobs fall into this category. With a high salary the services become not affordable for most people. And even then it might be hard to fill those positions.","I just want 6 months to think about life, take a couple courses and find my spiritual center. Only Universal Income can give that opportunity and allow me to grow as a person. Sure the ignorant right wingers who have never really listened to an unforuitante person in their whole lives will telly ou that a bunch of drug addicts will sit around doing nothing. And you know what. If they do, that's ok. Does not bother me at all. They will be a drain on society no matter what. At least lets get them out of the gutter and give them a fighting chance. Maybe if their problems were not the consistent pressure of maintaining basic food and shelter, they would not feel so strongly the need to escape? Im all for it.. Hope it happens.","A couple grand a year and in exchange many of the welfare programs go away. It is not a bad exchange. ","This is a too simplistic view. I'm ex-military, my family are all refugees from the 50s, I have and know many people who have gone through almost every bad event possible. \n\nThere are only two long term outcomes- lots of people stop working, which means productivity drops. Lower tax receipts, less exports, more imports and a weaker currency. Cost of providing the benefit increases with people who stop working.\n\nNot many people stop working - putting an extra 30k across the board just forces inflation to step up. This basically just erodes the benefit, and will almost certainly end up the same as before the benefit.\n\nBoth of these negatively impact the lower earners more. The lower your income, the less sense it makes for you to work. If you can get 60% of your wage for free, you would probably be pretty 50/50 of whether to work or not. If you earn 200k, a free 30 isnt going to make you retire.\n\nLess jobs at the bottom of the pile means less opportunity for those at the lower end of the work ladder to find jobs. \n\nInflation also disproportionately effects the less well off as they spend much more of their money on required food, shelter etc.\n\nSociety only really works when a large group of people contribute resources. The state of the developed world didn't come about by accident, its the work of billions of people over thousands of years. \n\nI cannot think of a single job which does not contribute in some way to the running of society in some way. From the cleaner at the petrol station to IT call centre guys. \n\nSurely it is common sense - look how much work it took to build any modern country. If this could be achieved with a part time work force or half the resources, it would have been done with that. It is consistent through out history that humans use the most cost effective way to achieve a goal. \n\nA loss in productivity is not some hand wavy impact - its measured in human life. I believe we can work towards a world free of cancer, free of aids, free of hunger and much much more. None of this is pursued without a stable economy and a large scale infrastructure to support it. The increase in longevity over the last few hundred years is directly due to a better environment in which we can work. From healthcare improving to reduce sickness and the burdens of ill health, increasing workers productivity, to a slew of innovative technology which was only viable because of a financial system which emphasizes efficient allocation of capital. \nAll of those reduced deaths are a consequence of progress, anything which encourages less productivity will result in less progress. ","ubi is based mostly on automation... why would exports go down if more automation is going on?","because we are clearly not in a position to automate much on an industrial scale. Whats the most optimistic timeline to replace e.g. pizza delivery guys? 10 years? So we wait a decade, accept less service, or allow supply and demand to push the wage of a pizza guy above 40k, meaning we all pay double for pizzas.\n\nAdditionally, these advances require significant upfront effort. Big capital investment, big effort, and massive collaboration. These things are more likely to be available on a large scale in the present economy than a post UBI economy.\n\nAlso, exports are not just physical manufactured goods. We cannot easily automate call centres, so they moved to areas which were cheaper to provide the service. There's a whole section of jobs which are not easily automatable but do not attract significant enough salaries to either justify cutting edge tech solutions or retain workforce in the case a big increase in free cash.\n\n","It's almost like there should be a system where students could borrow money from the government or school so that they could pay things off later when they find a job. If only such a thing existed, shame.","So I'm assuming you went to college at least 5 years ago, if not more. You know, back when you could go for all four years at the same price as one semester today. ","You only get like $2000 a semester though, $1500 of which goes to books and tuition. $500 is not much to live on for 4 months... I still need to work to pay rent, bills, groceries, gas, etc. ","Lol, and I want two years to go vacation in the Bahamas to find myself. Make it happen universal income! Jesus Christ people are fucking worthless nowadays. ","It was UBI. Everybody was guaranteed a job at \"universal\" salary. Only requirement was to show up, and even that was often unenforced. \n\nEven if you somehow managed to get fired, there were plenty of no-skill, nobody-gives-a-fuck alternate jobs at the same universal salary to slide into. Pick up your broom at the start of the day, drop it off at the end, nobody cares what happens in between.\n\n&gt; What they did have was a fair[er] distribution of national wealth through social welfare programmes such as free health and education\n\nThe wealth wasn't more fairly distributed, the elites continued to get what elites always get. They did however manage to wipe out an enormous chunk of national wealth, so everybody else was worse off and endured decades of declining standard of living. Pareto's Law remained in effect - it just happened at ever-lower income levels, so the distinctions were eventually lost to those looking from the much wealthier outside.\n\n&gt; All of this to say that you can't say UBI will not work just based on the historic experience of former socialist countries. \n\nI can, and I did. :) \n\nUntil someone - anyone - shows an alternate outcome, this is the only direct evidence we have.\n\nJust don't do the experiment in *my* country. :)","Mr. Canuck, the story you present comes from Ayn Rand's fantasies, not from a lived history. I am not arguing in favour of UBI, only pointing out that your interpretation of life in former socialist countries is fanciful rather than based on facts. \n\nNational wealth was squandered far more during neoliberal transition into gangster capitalism than by the previous elites. The free-loading you describe existed to an extent but was not such a prevalent practice you imagine, otherwise there would have been nothing to squander in the asset-stripping days of the 90s. \n\nWhat people need is dignified life and a fair income distribution. Neither neoliberal exploitation nor UBI are the silver bullet,  as much as the communism wasn't in the past. ","All of those societies were communist or very socialist no?","[It's been tried and it did work](http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/2014/12/23/mincome-in-dauphin-manitoba_n_6335682.html)","That wasn't UBI, sorry.\n\n","Here is another article, how is it not universal basic income? [link](http://www.cbc.ca/beta/news/canada/manitoba/1970s-manitoba-poverty-experiment-called-a-success-1.868562) ","Because it was neither Universal, nor Basic Income.\n\nIt was a supplemental welfare payment made to a portion of low income residents.\n","Except that Soviet nations failed because central planning is or was woefully unable to predict production requirements for most necessities. UBI preserves market signals and the capitalist system. It is in no way, shape, or form anything related to socialism or communism.\n\nThe only way you could do UBI in a socialist system is if you literally nationalized every firm, maintained the market structure, and simply used the profits of every firm to fund a giant general UBI fund. That would be somewhat interesting to see. A system that is market-based, but where the profits of every firm directly benefit every citizen. There'd be an incentive to do the very best at your job and improve the performance of the firm, because it would come back to you and your family.","I'm poor and even I don't like this idea. Most of us who are poor want to earn our living comfortably. Welfare is embarrassing enough for those who have to use it, UBI would be worse. The only people supporting this are a small minority of lazy liberals who think taxing the rich is the answer to everything.","I just see it as an extension of public policy.  We already pay for police protection for everyone, for highways, etc. because the upside's there.  Income supplementation would increase domestic consumption subject to multiplier effects, cut overhead by being more efficient than the welfare programs it would replace, improve public health, decrease crime, etc.  \n  \nIt would likely mitigate all of the problems associated with poverty and low aggregate demand.  ","Wealthy businesses and individuals will always be strongly aligned with the government for their own self-interest. At least a UBI gives a cut to the average citizen.","Tell me where you got the crystal ball that reveals the third-level knock-on effects of policies that were never tried on a large scale and are a subject of massive controversy among experts, o twenty-five-at-best journalism major for a third rate blog-that-wants-to-be-a-news-source.\n\nPeople want free stuff. I get it. But prophetic pronouncements made by economic ignorami on the internet are hardly a sound argument, much less a remotely acceptable one.","&gt; We have a very real threat of automation replacing up to 80% of work with a bot\n\nIf you're looking ahead to the year 2150 then I'd agree with you. Sure the technology isn't too far off but the actual implementation of it is a long way off. I'd ask that you at least tone down the doomsday talk a bit :) and speak maybe a little more generally about future scenarios.","You asked a question and got an honest answer. If you were \"genuinely curious\" this is not reflected in your response.","I predict it will be much sooner than sometime after 2150, although it *is* a matter of opinion. \n&amp;nbsp;\n\nGo was supposed to have been mastered by AI [by 2026](http://singularityhub.com/2016/02/06/how-googles-ai-beat-a-human-at-go-a-decade-earlier-than-expected/), although had successfully beaten three-time European Go champion Fan Hui earlier this year. \n&amp;nbsp;\n\nImplementation will come faster than any of us can fully appreciate although I appreciate your doubts regarding how fast it will dawn upon us, human change up until this point has been, for the most part, gradual, but will not continue to remain so gradual, as we will achieve human level AI sometime [around 2029](http://www.businessinsider.com/ray-kurzweil-thinks-well-have-human-level-ai-by-2029-2014-12).\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nAdditionally, there's nothing \"doomsday talk\" about what I'm saying, the report comes directly from the Bureau of Labour Statistics, I merely resonate their concerns. ","[deleted]","Drano and Lysol will be worth their weight in gold.","&gt; not what the rich think it's worth\n\nThat's not how our system works though. Janitors get payed less because it is very easy to become a janitor, so there work is worth less than something like a CEO, which is a very hard job to do well. Supply and demand determines what work is worth, not some rich person in a company. Sure, the company decides what salary they are going to offer, but if they don't offer a salary that matches the supply and demand in the labour market, they are going to get a shitty worker. Our system actually artificially makes some jobs worth more then supply and demand dictates, my creating a minimum wage.","&gt;That's not how our system works though.\n\nJeah? We are talking about changing the shitty system after all.","Yeah, that's called free market capatalism that's how it already works!","Or what special interest groups or politicians think it's worth or \"fair.\"","In the UK at least, the weird combination of current welfare systems creates marginal tax rates of nearly 75%. Many of these are all simply trying to solve the problem of giving people money anyway, so I think it's possible that just giving people money and setting more sensible tax rates would remove these hurdles, cost less to implement and stop things like 5 week delays in getting benefits (so having *no* help at the point people really need it most).","All of our welfare systems try to solve the problem of providing basic needs instead of just handing over a fistful of cash because most American welfare recipients are in the position they are due to spending irresponsibly. Also the tax burden on our middle class is still only 20-30%. If it were to rise significantly that would cause lots of strife.","In the UK, a significant number of welfare systems do just give cash.\n\n&gt;most American welfare recipients are in the position they are due to spending irresponsibly\n\nI'd like to see a source for that.","There have been no statistical surveys to my knowledge detailing \"why\" so I am going off popular opinions, including my own and other respected people. If you disagree, then say so.\n\nEdit: I was curious so I looked into this myself and read a curious article on why poor people budget so poorly. It's an interesting read and here is an excerpt:\n\n&gt; Starting in 2002, economists Nava Ashraf, Dean Karlan, and Wesley Yin created and analyzed a unique type of savings account at a small rural bank on the island of Mindanao in the Philippines. The Green Bank of Caraga’s SEED accounts (Save, Earn, Enjoy Deposits) let clients place restrictions on when they could access their money. SEED clients could set either a date before which or a minimum savings amount below which they couldn’t access their own funds. Twenty-eight percent of existing bank clients who were offered the accounts enrolled in them, and, after one year, the economists found, customers saved over 300 percent more with SEED accounts than they would have without them.\n\nThe article does a lot to explain the correlation between decision-making and mental fatigue. Read more [here](https://newrepublic.com/article/89377/poverty-escape-psychology-self-control).","UBI is useless now, inevitable in a pre cashless post automated world, and useless in a post cashless post automated world.","&gt;meaningless jobs\n\nStop it.  Just stop it.","Let me know when you find meaning in burger flipping.","From burger flipping to writing software: the only meaning I've found in any job I've had is the paycheck.  I'm sure the person signing those finds meaning in my labor, but I'm just trying to get bills paid.","The way that the author posits the idea of a UBI basically sets it up to fail: implementing a UBI for the sole purpose of shortening the hours one works every week would have a domino effect throughout the economy that would ultimately stunt GDP growth. \n\nWhile I don't disagree with the idea of a UBI for basic needs such as housing, food, childcare, etc., doing so would be a logistical nightmare. In order to create a \"true\" UBI, one would first have to index a UBI based on an unimaginable number of factors, such as inflation, local housing market prices, and the list could go on. Also, how would you decide who gets how much? Would it work in reverse of the tax code, IE people who make the least get the largest UBI payout, while those who make the most get little to none? Then that also raises the issue of what if someone who previously didn't qualify for a UBI needed one? Would the government subsidize his $17,000 mortgage payment on his $2MM penthouse in NYC until he finds work? I just don't believe a UBI could ever be effectively implemented without tackling some serious issues first. ","I think UBI is defined as all citizens (or maybe all adults) get the same size payment regardless of need.  That's what makes it universal.","&gt; Also, how would you decide who gets how much?\n\nEveryone gets the same, that's the \"Universal\" part, same as \"Universal Health Care\" - meaning all, no matter status, get free healthcare.","That's not a very good example. Universal health care does not provide a flat dollar amount of coverage. It gives people what they need, which can be literally nothing, or it can go as high as millions of dollars worth of medical service.","I'm just explaining to the man that it's the same for everyone, that's what the \"Universal\" bit there is for.","Under a system of UBI, what is my incentive to study for years to become a doctor when all of my needs can be well filled by merely sweeping the floors? I don't mean to attack anybody's personal views, but this has been a genuine curiosity of mine since I was first introduced to the topic. ","Because you want to be a doctor to help people.... Or are you just in it for the fucking money? If that's the case I wouldn't want you to be my doctor","Exactly. And the reasoning with /u/PersonMcSurname is what I most face when talking to my friends. \n\nMy response is that it's good that people aren't just in it for the money. But I feel that the despair in them is so strong that they can't see past working to survive.","The guy whose in it for the money would be a better doctor, I'd bet.","... You would be being paid on top of the UBI, you would still be making 90-150k a year on top of what ever the UBI is paying. \n\n","Curiosity, really. UBI is going to be a replacement for a **[lot](http://ei.marketwatch.com//Multimedia/2016/02/22/Photos/NS/MW-EF989_automa_20160222113602_NS.jpg?uuid=5c9acd98-d982-11e5-91e4-0015c588e0f6)** of jobs under 20$ an hour, and is a pretty solid answer to a looming automation crisis. ","I'm an engineer, not a doctor, but even then, I didn't spend years studying in my area because it paid better than being a janitor.\nIt was simply because I had a huge interest in working in that field. \n\nHowever there are tons of other guys who just study engineering because it is a good paying job. Different persons have different motivations, and I guess UBI could cause some persons to not pursue the same jobs they would before.","Engineers are people.","So where is this money going to come from","Most of it can be funded from the $927 billion we already spend on means tested welfare programs each year.","UBI of $6000/person * population of U.S.A. = $1,913,160,000,000 which is quite a bit more than double the $927billion","First,  927 billion doubled is 1.854 trillion, which is pretty close to 1.913, not \"quite a bit more\".\n\nSecond, you over-calculate by including children. Children would not receive a UBI. No doubt some will argue that is unfair to women. But on the other hand we don't want people using children as an income crutch (for what ever reason). A compromise might be a extra half UBI if you have children (regardless of the number).\n\nIn any case the calculation works out to be about 1.2 to 1.5 trillion. The rest of the funding will be easily compensated for by increase in economic activity. States for example, will be flush with new sales tax revenue.\n","Good point with the kids, I forgot to remove those guys. So yeah, it would be about $1.452 trillion.","That is not how to calculate the cost of UBI. It would be taxed away from the working class people, so the real cost is much lower. Kids would probably get partial UBI and pensions would be taxed as well to remove most of the UBI benefit from retirees.\n\nMedian tax payer would see no increase in their income. A working middle class person would just be taxed $6000 extra / year.","That makes no sense. The UBI is supposed to benefit the working class, not tax them more.","First, no it's not meant for the middle class. Second, it wouldn't be taxing them more to give $6000 and then return it.","So many misconceptions and outright lies about UBI. But the work goes on.","Full UBI will cost over 3 trillion for just the US alone. ","How about stop wasting money on oil wars..... Suddenly money!!!?!?!!!","Hahaha! You're cute. Robots that cost 300k to do the work of one worker are instantly affordable for large corporations, who will then soak up all the work that used to go to smaller corporations, because the work they do can now be done by robots. One of the biggest reasons there even are smaller companies is because they do work that does not have high profit margins. But without paid workers, that becomes a high margin industry.","300k for a robot that does the work of someone you can pay 15 to 30k a year isn't a good option, and certainly isn't affordable.\n\nA local Walmart has like 300 employees, even supposing 1 robot=3 people there is no way Walmart is going to shell out 300 million dollars to automate one.","An investment they could make back in ten years that would from then on make their salary costs zero? Of course they'd jump on it. They'd save billions over time. \n\nAnd employee costs are far more than just their salary. You're forgetting training, handling, having more employees then you need so you can cover sick days and substandard performance and all that. Not to mention the risk of theft and other negative incidents that are almost a given when you reach a certain size. Not to mention they could fire the entire HR department which is only there because they have employees, all of the managers because there's noone to manage, and so on. Lots of jobs are only there to deal with employees and can be removed entirely when it's suddenly only robots. ","You forgot maintenance costs and the cost of programming a robot with the exact layout of each facility and with the exact products you want to stock at each location. And they would still need employees to deal with luddite customers.","Maintenance costs are low when you've got standardized parts - in difference of humans. The cost of programming the layout would likely be zero. Not only would they standardize their store layouts to work better with this, they could easily use small beacons to show the robots where items are located. As for finding their way even roombas these days can learn the layout of a place dynamically so that's certainly not something we have to specifically program into a robot. \n\nOf course we could if we wanted to, and the cost would be trivial - the cost of drawing a map of the store. \n\nAs for the luddite customers I'm pretty sure if they can't stand the robot revolution they can go to the more expensive corner stores instead - it is likely to be such a minority that I doubt the big chains would even bother to take them into account. \n\nI mean if you think about it you're likely never even going to interact with the robots, or in the long term even go into the store. You'll order your groceries on the app or the website or even in an ordering kiosk outside the store, and it will be packed and delivered to you, your car, or even your home for a fee. All more cost efficient than letting a single human set foot in the store. ","I think you're wrong. The robot won't require benefits that even Walmart pays, like unemployment insurance, social security and medicare taxes, and workman's comp, not to mention the cost of HR departments. And robots don't need to work in shifts, so a Walmart would only need about half as many as employees. All the robot has to do is last six or eight years and it's paid for itself. Realistically, I think they're likely to cost a lot less than in my prior argument; I just set it at the upper limit to make the argument stronger.","It can do the work of 3 people as it can work 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and employees cost much more than just their salary.","Walmart is already heavily automated. All ordering is done automatically by computer, and layout of the store is done automatically as well, excluding some end caps and special sections.","It effectively would be if the government \"prints\" money rather than collects taxes directly.","That would involve a high inflation rate.  If the UBI keeps increasing at that inflation rate, then maybe it would work.  But it would just be  tax on money.  Land taxes might be a better idea.","he is explaining seignorage revenue and he is correct the action of printing money will lead to the loss of some of its value. this is referred to as a seignorage tax.","All this does is encourage people to contribute nothing whatsoever to the societies in which they live.  Why would anyone do anything if trying means you get the bejesus taxed out of you to pay for other people to just exist?","To learn and contribute. At the moment people are slaving away at meaningless jobs just to scrape by and then they die. This would give people a chance to work in a feild that they would love","The problem with that is that we already see the results of people trying to work in the fields they love when there are just as many Women's Studies majors as there are Engineering majors.  Those Women's Studies majors then have to go work at those meaningless jobs anyway, but now they own $80k.  Even \"free\" schooling would cost at least as much, if not more due to schools jacking up prices when they know there's a blank check attached to every student paid for by the taxpayers.","You truly underestimate the future of education advancements. We wouldn't need more educators, in fact, we would probably employ far fewer. With VR and 360-degree cameras, we can record, reverse, and interact with any talk given from some of the best educators in the world, and learn at a set pace that is best for those being educated.\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nPeople would be free to learn from the best in their field, and learn what they want whenever they want. This would actually end up being cheaper than our current branches of education (which have to employ tens of millions, and upkeep of schools), and will likely overtake every current branch of education within a decade. \n&amp;nbsp;\n\nI would hope that with enough refinement we would reach a point where we view the best educators  as we do celebrities nowadays. ","Basic income is going to solve climate change? It's a mother-fuckin panacea!","Read between the lines of what you see here and know the reason we're not going to have UBI: just the idea makes people *angry.* This simple stupid idea that it's money-for-nothing, kicks-for-free, is not going away. \n\nIf a mass movement arose for UBI, it would push angry white male conservatives over the top. We'd have blood flowing in the streets and it might not end there. ","Well maybe we need to spill the blood of people that can't think for themselves or envision how ubi would change the world for the better. It makes them angry because their told to be angry \"Cus people would be freeloading\"... Look around, the people with no drive already are freeloading you cretins","Desegregation made people angry.","Mostly in the south, tho. And the media is a *lot* better at making people angry than it was in the 60s. \n\nI spoke in haste when I said there will *never* be UBI, but I really do foresee one hell of a backlash if it comes to an all-in, national conversation. And dark money will be watching, and doing what it can to keep people angry and scared. \n\nThe Protestant work ethic is burnt into almost all of us to some degree, and that makes us, as a people, very easy to manipulate in important ways...","Some areas are super cheap to rent and live in what if everyone in those areas says fuck it and quits their work to live free?","Telecommuting would be more widely accepted.\n\nRight now the burden of the increasing real estate prices and traffic in growing cities is on the employee, and companies want face to face despite stagnated/ing wages.","Have you been to those areas? It's not a nice place to be and many of them already don't work, which is why they are like that.","so how is free money gonna help? its a joke people must earn their keep it builds character.","I have a saying \"zero times anything is still zero\". People can't get anywhere without help. Most of us get help from relatives. Some people aren't so lucky. One of the key benefits of a UBI is that is gives people a bootstrap to pull on.\n\nAlso, I would encourage you, instead of assuming the worst about others, consider it for yourself. What would you do with an extra $600/mo? Would you waste it? Would you quit your job? I bet not. I bet you'd put it good use. At the very least it would ultimately get spent, which would further the economy in general.","This system requires global government. \n\nWithout a global tax &amp; spend system, universal basic income just sucks humans down the gradient to the lowest point of work per free unit of currency. \n\n","No, it doesn't, this can be accomplished on a national level.\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nIs there anything to back up your claims?","Europe right now.\n\nRefugees from war aren't stopping until they get to far flung countries that pay more in benefits. There's a peace conference that may well end the war in Syria, but folks are still subjecting themselves to needless risk.\n\nWhy? Sweden &amp; UK pay more than Greece does.\n\nMurder rates are lower in Mexico than Honduras, but migrants don't stop there. They subject themselves to and pay cash to narcoterrorists who control the border with the United States. They even send young children, by themselves, thru this rape corridor. The economic benefits outweigh the risk of contracting HIV from a cartel member.\n\n\n\n","This is an immigration control problem, not a UBI problem. People will try to move to a better place regardless of the social programs that make that place better.","What? Even if the effect you describe is real, how would global scale vs national scale prevent it?","By harmonizing the output of a UBI, the governing authority reduces incentive to travel to another jurisdiction to increase pay out.\n\nIf state A pays more for existing than state B, it is rational to travel to A to exist. But humans aren't rational. They'll risk rape, death and being subject to human gladiator death matches (occurred multiple times to Central Americans traveling through cartel controlled Mexico) to maximize pay outs.\n\nIncentivizing people to not travel through human trafficking corridors reduces harm. It also reduces the profitability of human trafficking networks. These are these most brutal people on Earth. \n","Immigration control has nothing  to do with UBI.  \n  \nThe conditions you described already exist. It's not UBI's job to fix them.","You're the one bringing up immigration control.\n\nI'm describing economic motivators that are real.\nMaybe you don't understand how's humans are motivated? \n\nIf one country introduced UBI, non residents will be informed and make decisions. ","Your problem with UBI is actually an immigration problem. Immigration control is how the problems you are inventing would be handled.  \n  \nThere are already people who risk life and limb to move to a better place. Why would UBI make things any different? ","You're exceedingly dense to claim I'm inventing the issues I'm citing. Further evidence for your lack of cognitive power is the assumption I'm against a UBI.","You invented that they were an issue linked to UBI. I never said you made up immigration concerns.  \n  \n\n  I never said you were against UBI. YOU said that it requires global government and then listed immigration concerns as the reason.  \n  \nHow about answering my question? If your position is strong it should be an easy question to answer.  Don't bother responding unless you are directly answering the question I posed.  \n  \nHere it is again:  \n  \n&gt;There are already people who risk life and limb to move to a better place. Why would UBI make things any different? \n\n","By creating an actual universal basic income, not just one linked to one country's citizens, the need to subject one's self and/or children to trafficking is reduced. Migration through human trafficking corridors would be reduced.\n\nTying UBI to one country's citizens increases the value to risk ratio that will increase harm done to children. They're the most vulnerable.\n\nWhy sail the Mediterranean and risk drowning if fleeing ISIS in Libya was as simple as going to Mali?\n\n(Mali isn't an ideal choice, either. Islamic terror runs deep there whenever France stops killing them. But Senegal is much further from Libya.)\n\nThe issue with this solution is that all currencies on Earth are not at parity for value. Translating the UBI across the 150+ currencies is a difficult proposition. "]],"nsfw":[["Hatsumi Saki, I believe","I think you're right.","Well done","Good show","Source please .","She's just so adorable!","r/adorableporn","Bless you","Instant subscribe. Thank you.","Was already subbed. Still my favorite NSFW subreddit.","Lilo is growing up. ","These eyes, these nipples... Definition of sweetness :) ",":O ♡.♡ ","Damn","You can get plenty of these free if you shop on Alibaba.","If it's any consolation, I laughed :)","I want to love her and feed her and only bring her out on special occasions and keep her safe forever","That's so creepy lol","It may be creepy but it's the truth and she's freaking adorable ","As long as you know it's a creepy line of thinking....more power to ya..?","That just makes it extra creepy.... Like creepy ^^^^^creepy","That's messed up. Stick to your pillow dude, real life is not for you.","Lol \"hey guys i have so much sex with my body billow it stands up on its own now. MY WIFES COMING TO LIFE YO!\"\n\n-nomad1990","Welp, this made me laugh...\n\nJust take my upvote and get the fuck out","LOL"],["http://imgur.com/a/1lmmL","and more\nhttp://www.pornhub.com/pornstar/veronica-vice","I like how this album tells the back story to her striped tits","The grill marks tell you it was flame broiled","cyber-tan","You ever have a panini?\n\nSay no more fam!","I will if you can't","Veronica Vice","...but if you could even, would you give her the odd?","anyone know what kind of toothbrush that is? looks sweet.","That's a Philips Sonicare. It's good.","Looks like a hot non coked out version of Amy Winehouse.","You take that back right now! She's been clean for years ok? ","Hahaha yeah I suppose you are correct...",":c","She ruined her face with plastic surgery :(\n\nEdit: this pic is before that.","That's the last time she'll lean over her george foreman grill to unplug it while it's still on ","http://imgur.com/Q52SjSJ","What?","Has a bejeweled cell phone, confirms she's crazy ","Oh my. Delightful. Such beauty.","Way too skinny"],["Beautiful","Name please","Who is she ","tiddy dancers - rarely a good idea."]],"fo4":[["\"I'd love to doll, but let's just say I'm lacking a certain Synth component.\"","\"quest added: retrieve certain synth component\"","Once received, do you really need him? ","[deleted]","SARCASTIC\n\nHATE PENISES","[Silver Shroud]\n\n","I shall trump all evil with the pleasure of this member!","Little death has come for you, and *I* am it's shroooouuud!","keep the unit gives you lovers embrace perk no matter where you sleep. ","Depends, can I use the certain synth component to solve mysteries?","I'm getting a raging clue!","I haven't heard that in a loooooong time. Thank you. :)","Just hold it up to your face like a magnifying glass","Think it would be stored under \"Junk?\"","Nah, \"weapons.\"","I was thinking \"Aid\".\nJust be careful not to form an addiction.","Modders pls","Jerry Rig [ Requires Int 7 ], 2 adhesive 2 spring 2 nuclear material 2 copper 2 steel","*Jury Rig","Oh so now you think you can be the judge, Jerry and executioner? ","i thought it was judge judy and executioner","Both are acceptable. Jerry rig came about during the Second World War. Tends to be the expression that Brits and Canadians use.","The perk in Fallout NV is called jury rigging, which may be what he was referencing.","would it be immoral to kill a synth settler for their synth component and give it to nick?","Cuddling is still an option :3","His body is fake but his love is real.","The handcuffs and feather duster are what *really* make this post","It's all about the dildo candles. ","No","That really killed the mood","[It's like having a baby dinosaur jump out in the middle of a porno.](http://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=523598582)\n\n(NSFW...)","The fuck did I just watch?","Something awesome.\n\nLOL","What the fuck","Why are you being downvoted?","Damn, that's some Correct the Record level downvoting, too","..what","Look at the candles on the floor. There's one long one (shaft) with two short ones next to it (testicles). I think that's what he's talking about. ","Yeah, he's really getting downvoted. Wait. That's ME. ","I'm into it. ","/r/evenwithcontext","Thats exactly what i thought","Be my valentine ","I love that I'm not the only one who loves him this much. It's a damn tragedy he's not romancable. \n\nEdit: Let's get this to the front page so Bethesda will see! Maybe in Far Harbor ya'll... maybe in Far Harbor.","Maybe he needs an upgrade like Fisto.","\"Please assume the position\" -whirrrrr-","Since we've already had Fisto, can we name Nick 'Fister-Roboto'? ","Domo arigato, fisting roboto?","He's just so damn sensitive!","https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEcx-S69bWE","Gotta say, I really prefer [Styx's Mr Roboto](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cShYbLkhBc).","But did you watch the associated video?","The best part is... *he's learning*","Nick was legit the only character I wanted to romance. He may lack the necessary parts and is pretty ratty looking, but what he lacks in looks he makes up for in rich backstory and good characterization. Also come on, that cold yellow stare? Swoon.","He still has one normal hand.\n\n*wink*","He's the only one who's personality seems to actually be fleshed out.  I guess that's supposed to be ironic, he's the most human person in the wasteland and he's a robot.","Yep. he and the ghoul are the most human of the bunch.","Maybe it's just because they're both from the old world.","Hancock isn't, he's only about 40","Hancock isn't that old, since that ratfaced mayor is his brother.","To be fair, I haven't used the other companions for more than a quest or two, so they probably develop more just like the two I mention. Also, Hancock isn't an old world ghoul; there's a note about when the Diamond City Mayor ousted the ghouls, and I think it works out to about 5 years ago, making it about that long since John took the drug...I think.","Lacks the parts? Hes got fingers and a mouth. ;)","He loves his secretary, though.","I felt it was unrequited the other way.","I feel that he is more subtle in it. Loving a synth would be controversial, even if it was Nick. He'd have the smarts to know that hiding his feelings would be for the best.","Right? I've always rationalized the fact you can't romance him as \n\n1) It never occurs to him that someone could love him romantically so he never seriously flirts or entertains a conversation about it (because he's very acutely aware of and constantly reminded that he's not human).\n\nOR 2) Even if he did develop feelings for someone and though the feelings were mutually shared, he'd be prone to guilt and trying to protect that person by never mentioning it or even pretending to be oblivious or incapable of such feelings.","Ikr! When I found the secretary issue of Live and Love, I stashed it in her cabinet. Ugh, the will they or won't they tension in that house is now headcanon.","Basically me with Deacon. Have you seen that ass? **(  ) )**","...doesn't....everyone have the same ass?","Look at Danse's ass out of power armor and tell me that again. Dude has a legitimate bubble butt. ","I can't be the only one to notice how enormous Knight Rhys's ass is, right? ","Nope! It's wonderful. Even Maxson if you pickpocket his battlecoat off his back.\n\nIt's probably the Brotherhood suit. That crotch strap thing+tight fit = asstacular. ","I really wish that you could tell Danse to get out of his power armour. Like, when mods on consoles happens I really hope that's one of them.\n\nI'll ride that sweet ass all the way to victory.","You're not paying close enough attention ;-) The booties vary","&gt; The booties vary\n\nAnd the Dude abides.","Deacon I just want you to love me T_T","I need a Deacon romance DLC more than anything. He at least has a dick; what's his excuse?","Hi, just joining you over here in the Deacon trash corner.","Hi, I bought snacks, hopefully I'm welcome in the Deacon trash corner.","As long as they're Fancy Lads.","&gt;Let's get this to the front page so Bethesda will see! Maybe in Far Harbor ya'll... maybe in Far Harbor.\n\nThey've seen it. Kotaku did a piece on it that was going around FB a few days ago. Reddit is just late to the party.","Do you have a link to that?","http://kotaku.com/fallout-4s-best-companion-needs-to-take-a-hint-1772480903","I'd probably like him if I hadn't already listened to him acting nearly every character in Skyrim.","Show those thieves not to steal from Lucan Valeris!\n\nI'd even buy a relative if you were willing to sell.\n\nEverything's for sale, my friend! If I had a sister, I'd sell her in a second!\n\nHe's also Harold in Fallout 3. Bethesda sure does like him. ","He also plays three different characters in the thieves' guild questline. It'd be fine if he didn't have such a distinctive voice.","Oh yeah, I forgot. He's Mercer Frey. ","Oh man, I couldn't tell you how much I love this guy. He better get that upgrade - hell, even a G3 upgrade like Curie would be fine by me if it meant you could romance him. He needs his own valentine. \n\nEdit: And can I fucking rant about how a character with the name Valentine, who flirts with you pretty much fucking constantly, is romantically coded in every way, still can't be romanced? And we're expected to think that doesn't break immersion? Like, what the shit? Give me my Crumblebot 9000, Bethesda!","I thought I was weird when I tried to romance him a while ago. I think everyone should be romanceable.","strong and ada think this is kinky","Up up and away!","[when he doesn't take the hint](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/03/a6/20/03a62056ed23c14418b953cc15e46a9d.gif)","This is great, what's it from?","Naked Gun 33 1/3","I was seriously like \"what's the feather duster for- ohhhhhhhhh\"","i still dont get it","For pickle tickles","It's supposed to be a flogger, which is used for spanking.","Not always. Stimluating by lightly touching skin is a thing too","Ah cool. Never used one myself so I just figured its either spanking or caressing the skin.","Especially blindfolded. ","How fucked up am I that I immediately assumed the handle was supposed to go in her ass...? ","That's the classic Peacock!","oh","Nicky V is my favorite. If I can't have him, I will just pine uselessly.","I took both Danse and Hancock as lovers to try and make up for the absence, but alas, the void remains.","The [original](http://lady-of-rohan.tumblr.com/post/142696937084/maybe-hell-take-the-hint) christ at least source it, OP.","damn didn't kotaku steal it too?","Are you really complaining that OP didn't properly source a *Tumblr meme*?!?  \n\nIt's likely possible that they didn't even know it came from Tumblr in the first place.  The rest of us have better things to do with our time than Tumblr...\n"," &gt;The rest of us have better things to do with our time than Tumblr...\n\nLike sit on Reddit?","Just where the fuck, do you think you are? Pal.","&gt; Are you really complaining that OP didn't properly source\n\nYes.","What's especially insulting is you can go for [Curie](/spoiler), but Nick? Nope.\n\nDoesn't help I've seen quite a bit of art of fixed up gen 3 Nick.","I also kind of want to put Codsworth into a synth body. For uh, science.","He's called No-Dick-Nick for a reason you know.","Even put out a spread of the raunchiest RobCo Fun magazines. Pulling out all the stops.","[Seems like he's always watching me](http://i.imgur.com/9rKQ7C0.jpg)","[\"I always feel like somebody's watching me, and I have no privacy.\"](https://youtu.be/7YvAYIJSSZY)\n\n(On behalf of the 1980s, I'm sorry.)","DOES NOT COMPUTE: ERROR 404 DICK NOT FOUND","Y'all aren't creative enough - who needs a dick in the wasteland? He has fingers, a mouth, and creativity - he's a mechanic as well as detective. He'd jerryrig himself *something.*  ","craftable fuckmachines coming soon to a workbench near you.","Pretty sure gen 2 synths (his body is gen 2) don't actually have dicks. So there's st lest over thing you might need to put on that bed before he even can agree","Um, excuse me I have a robot workstation. ","So, would there be actuated, hydraulic and voltaic variations for that upgrade?","Don't forget about the Brutal variant.","\"Robot parts don't fit synths. Believe me, I've tried.\" He just wants a robo dick, Bethesda. :(","\"Baby, I'm about to explode. *Beep Beep Beep Beep*\"","[The candles, the music, the sexy dress. I mean, what's going on here?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrOkZ71Srbo)","Meanwhile, most guys would see this and go \"Maybe he/she is just being nice...\"","My dream is to have Nick babies with Nick.","This just reminds me why I wish we could clean up the existing buildings in settlements.  Why can't we remove those leaves on the floor?  It would be nice to be able to use scrap metal to patch the walls and roof as well, better than just laying walls and floors over them.  I moved my main base away from Sanctuary because I got frustrated looking at those prebuilt houses.","There's a mod for that. Several separate mods actually. One repairs the walls and roofs of houses in sanctuary, the other lets you scrap all tire debris on the ground such as leaves, rocks, weeds.","I don't even know who Me Nick is!","Sorry to burst your bubble, but gem 1 and two synths don't have genitals. (Don't know about Gen 3 though)","Anything can be a genital if you're motivated enough.","/r/nocontext","Speaking of no context:\n\n&gt;Leaking? Mate we're fucking **ejaculating**\n\n[What's the context?](https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/3tcdw2/3_games_27_heroes/cx55bm4) |\n[Send me a message!](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=no_context_bot)\n| [Website (Updates)](http://nocontextbot.herokuapp.com)\n\nDon't want me replying to your comments? Send me a message with the title\n\"blacklist\". I won't reply to any users who have done so.\n\n","I don't think having context does anything to make that statement more \"appropriate\".","'e got fangers","He has a gun, doesn't he?","he's got a tongue","&gt; (Don't know about Gen 3 though)\n\nConsidering that some Synths don't know they're Synths, they have to. ","Gen 3 synths are indistinguishable from humans, of course they have penises and ginies.","If gen 3's didn't have genitals it would be extremely easy to figure out whether someone was a synth or not (assuming you had a gun aimed at them).","You have 3 secs to pull down your pants or I open fire, somehow that would strike me as odd to come across in the wasteland,  then again there's all these idiots running round in their underwear anyway loaded to the teeth with armament and great hulking packs full of useless stuff and tincans","The gen 3's would have to have genitals. If they are going around snatching people and replacing them with synths that are *indistinguishable* from humans... well presumably at least some of those people snatched were in relationships. I mean the jig will be up the first time your SO wants to get down to business.","Is this pet of the DLC or is this from a mod?","Wasteland workshop","Thanks!","Meow","( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)","Ok","So the artificial dick is having trouble getting the hint?","Ok, I'm down.\n\nDo you do butt?","I mean, I'm game. ","What, is the great clockwork dick stumped?","I just possibly damaged my keyboard from drinking coffee while seeing this.","This is the first time I've found it ok that Nick is such a creep.","this should be in walpaper proportions\n","Nick liked that.","Also, yes, it vibrates. ","Okay.","I thought it was a plunger on the bed from the thumbnail. Got a little creeped out...","The fluorescent signs don't look right to me. Like where the darkened bulb is doesn't really work like how they're supposed to work ","I'm screaming because this tops everyone else's neon sign posts on Reddit","I really wish we had a quest where we could move his mind into a higher gen synth or where we could fix him up in some way. This last DLC had you building robots, why not give Nick a whole new body (complete with naughty bits).","Weird","Somehow, the image isn't complete without a shotgun or something lying on the bed as well ","&gt; I'm a fuckin' synth\n\nOh you're trying alright ;)","Just gimme Nick damn it.","I get the use of handcuffs, but why the feather duster? ","jess is getting desperate ","He probably jerked all the skin off his robodong","This is incredible.","Neon on the side of my Chem lab: \"Def not a crack house.\" They really opened a can of worms with this shit.","My ocd and those leaves are in overdrive","Is it a bunch of guys that want this kinda weird","Women play Fallout too. It's really popular. Plus there's gay men, and men who play female characters.","And even people who have a decent sense of humor! ","This is strange.. and not in a funny random way. It's just weird.","3254 gay men and women that play fallout yea ur right or a lot of guys that don't want to come outa the closet","Or straight men who think it's funny? "],["So I'm not the only one that used their bodies for firewood. Actually I think 95% of people did this, but I'm only 50% certain of that.","You are correct. I had posted a similar thread in January and before me there were others. Nobody likes these guys.","i did until i realized that the bodies dont despawn, and that you can lot them over and over again. ","Like the once from Covenant, that accidentally, maliciously happened to fall down dead through no fault of mine.... honest","Yup, I did this same exact, thing. LOL. ","That's what I said.  Charge card!","That's one way of getting road goggles.","The only decent goggles. The wraparound ones show your eyelashes clipping through them and welding ones just look weird. Road goggles all the way.","Entirely. Best looking, best boost IMHO.\n\nI was pretty frickin' happy when that second pair of road goggles showed up in Automatron. They don't always show up on the cultists.","I did this before doing the quest to save that girl in the back room. She didn't seem to care that there were limbs instead of firewood. Meh. ","Who were those guys? I don't think I've come across them yet.","Pillars of Society IIRC. They are involved in a quest.","Cheers.","\"You're leaving here with nothing, or you're not leaving here at all\" (cuts back to me wearing a full set of hot rod T-45).\n\nI walked out. He wasn't happy. So I used the Pain Train perk to take out the entire group. ","What is the context of that?","Retahd.","That phony that tries to sell you the charge card for 100 caps? I shot him in the back of the head on every character.","Really?  I shot him in the face on every character.","Shot him? I fucking NUKED the bloody bastard.","Lol you're getting downvoted by people who never met, and subsequently killed Parker apparently.","[I did this exact same thing a few months back.](http://reddit.com/r/fo4/comments/3uuj7t/try_and_steal_my_shit_will_you/)\n","Dark bro lol","That bridge, where's it from?","I think this is at the cult in the amphitheater. Not sure.","/r/misleadingthumbnails"],["When they say \"the right squad of men,\" they really mean: \"the squad of men we send on pointless errands hoping they get randomly offed.\"","So the player character in bethesda games? Wolds ending? Go grab me some flowers...","Like the Vault Dweller from Fallout when joining the Brotherhood? ","That's actually a logical reason behind these.","Yup.\n\nGunner Notes really should be about tech caches (intact robots, assaultron circuit boards) or higher-end military gear (combat armor, crates of grenades, plasma rifles, crates of grenades) or high-value loot sought after by clients (deathclaw eggs, rare pre-war goods, what-not) given what they have.\n\nIt would even be silly for most *Raiders* to go gaga over a pipe weapon.","Not a pipe weapon. Just a pipe. Like a lead pipe. Goddamn Professor Plum in the ballroom style lead pipe","It's really obvious that Gunners don't always have a Clue on what's available to them.","You took a big Risk telling that joke. ","I hope you're all Sorry about doing this.","You guys need to stop trying to get a Monopoly on all the good puns. It's a Trivial Pursuit at best. ","It Boggles the mind...","Chutes and ladders.","You said \"crates of grenades\" twice..... \"That's because crates of grenades are my favorite.\" (Movie reference)","I like grenades.  ;)","Hey.....I wouldn't go after that without some serious backup......maybe the local kindergarden could help...","Yeah we can throw child corpses at them!","Is that what they mean by \"cannon fodder\"?  Maybe we could fire them from a junk jet!!!! I like it!!! ","its not just A pipe, its THE pipe gun.",".50 cal sniper pipe at the top crows nest. Blew the sucker off their with Lorenzo's Artifact + electrical damage mod. IMHO the pre-eminent sniper weapon in the game is a pistol :-P","I found a fairly boring pipe rifle on a regular mole rat. Rest of the place was nice enough.","Its the pipe gun mama murphy used to one shot a deathclaw","I'm pretty sure the pipe mama murphy used was a crack pipe.","Got me laughing at work lol have a thumb.","Brotherhood of Scrap Metal.","You guys are taking this too lightly cuz' I hear one of the others might have a ***rolling pin***","Can you imagine being the raider slob being interviewed after death, and trying to explain he was killed by a rolling pin wielded by a 200 yr old lawyer wearing a red sequin dress.","I killed a level 149 legendary super mutant warlord to find... a Sentinel's Rolling Pin.  *sigh*\n\nThe weaponsmiths must be crazy.","They couldve at least made the Loot or the guy you have to kill for it be Legendary might actually do these more often if they did.","These weapons should have been legendaries.","No wonder the Sole Survivor has such an easy time taming the Commonwealth. They need a squad of men to take a simple pipe gun, and I can take down a whole settlement of super mutants by myself.","If you haven't already, clear The Castle before Preston gives you the mission, his reaction is priceless.  He's like \"WTF?  BY YOURSELF?!\"","Yeah, I loved that response. ","If I caught the moron writing this note.. I'd be lighting his ass in fire.","So he has a lead pipe?"]],"circlejerk":[["This post sponsored by Wendy's. Quality Is Our Recipe®\n\n*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/circlejerk) if you have any questions or concerns.*","Link?","[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adolf_hitler](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Jackson)","Purple Rain is a solid track, but I don't know if I can overlook all this stuff he did with the Jews. They don't tell you about this stuff on VH1.","[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Nelson](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rick_Astley)","Thanks!!!","haha got you","u pranked him so good xD","FILTHY PRANK'D","for you","I'm a bigger guy.","I'm not a bigger guy.\n\nI'm not a smaller guy.\n\nI'm THE guy.","OoOoOoOoAaAaAaAa","I am not a big,\n\nGer guy I'm not a smaller,\n\nGuy I am the guy.\n\n","ITS JUST A PRANK","That's the Carbonara Effect . ","I did nazi that coming XDDDDDD","me too thanks","☐ Yes\n\n☐ This\n\n☐ Came here to say this\n\n☐ Logged in just to upvote this\n\n☐ I know this will never be seen but...\n\n☐ I found this gem...\n\n☐ This will be downvoted to hell/buried but...\n\n☐ An upvote for you, good sir\n\n☐ You are a gentleman and a scholar\n\n☐ You magnificent bastard\n\n☐ Someone give this man reddit gold\n\n☐ Edit: Thanks for the gold, kind stranger!\n\n☐ Anne Frankly I did nazi that coming\n\n☐ That escalated quickly\n\n☐ To the top with you!\n\n☐ Lost it at ____\n\n☐ This is why we can't have nice things\n\n☐ Faith in humanity restored\n\n☐ Whoa / mind = blown\n\n☐ Manly tears were shed\n\n☐ Cutting onions\n\n☐ I know that feel, bro\n\n☐ Right in the feels\n\n☐ Risky click\n\n☐ Shots fired\n\n☐ Nailed it\n\n☐ You. I like you\n\n☐ I regret that I only have one upvote to give\n\n☐ Tree fiddy\n\n☐ Was not disappointed\n\n☐ Wait, why do I have you tagged as _______?\n\n☐ What did I just read?\n\n☐ Da fuq?\n\n☐ YOU HAD ONE JOB\n\n☐ I can't fap to this\n\n☐ Cakeday\n\n☐ What are you doing, stahp\n\n☐ For science\n\n☐ That's enough internet for me today\n\n☑ Would not bang\n\n☐ x/10 would (not) Y\n\n☐ What is this I don't even?\n\n☐ How is this WTF?\n\n☐ Circlejerk must be leaking\n\n☐ Lawyer up, delete facebook, hit the gym\n\n☐ Said no one ever\n\n☐ I have the weirdest boner right now\n\n☑ #REKT\n\n☐ /thread\n\n☐ My first post\n\n☐ Edit: wow I can't believe my top comment is about _______\n\n☐ EDIT: Seriously front page? Thanks guys!\n\n☐ EDIT: Obligatory front page edit!!!\n\n☐ Are you me?\n\n☐ Directions unclear - dick stuck in _______\n\n☐ I laughed way harder than I should have\n\n☐ It's almost like Reddit is thousands of different people with thousands of different opinions.\n\n☐ Plot twist: _____\n\n☐ Step one: be attractive. Step two: don't be unattractive.\n\n☐ Broken Arms - Mom jerked him off\n\n☐ ____ here: can confirm / can confirm: am ____/ etc\n\n☐ Something involving sex with \"your mom\"\n\n☐ Mom's spaghetti\n\nReddit stories:\n\n☐ Cumbox\n\n☐ Cumboxers\n\n☐ Jolly Rancher\n\n☐ Wednesday, the cat\n\n☐ Doritos\n\n☐ Colby\n\n☐ Dagobah (Ass Injection Infection)\n\n☐ Hambeast\n\n☐ Shitfisting Potato\n\n☐ Vagina Bacon\n","☑ Hitler did nothing wrong","I read the whole thing. Totally worth it. ","master troler 2012 xdDDD","He didn't ask for Hillary Clinton's facebook profile!","[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Jackson](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adolf_hitler)","I don't know who this guy is, but he looks like he's made of CHEESE hahahaha","Thanks saving this for later","u gave me the page to Hilary Clinton, I wanted Prince"," 'mirror' to make it easer for people to find","le riske click of the day xDxD","I literally just want karma.\n\nEdit: Thnaks 4 gold","the","this","http://i.imgur.com/m5EnTSs.jpg","http://gfycat.com/SafeFluidDutchsmoushond","Ugh I'm only 12 but I've LOVED Prince every since I learned who he was three days ago. I got in an argument with my \"friends\" today because they tried to say he wasn't the greatest artist of all time. Don't they realize that Prince Rogers Nelson (June 7, 1958 – April 21, 2016) was an American singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, record producer and actor. He was a musical innovator and known for his eclectic work, flamboyant stage presence, and wide vocal range. His music integrates a wide variety of styles, including funk, rock, R&amp;B, soul, psychedelia, and pop. He has sold over 100 million records worldwide, making him one of the best-selling artists of all time.[1] He won seven Grammy Awards,[2] a Golden Globe Award,[3] and an Academy Award.[4] He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2004, the first year of his eligibility.[5] Rolling Stone ranked Prince at number 27 on its list of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time.[6]\n\nPrince was born in Minneapolis and developed an interest in music as a young child. He secured a recording contract with Warner Bros at the age of 18, and released his album For You in 1978. His 1979 album Prince went platinum due to the success of the singles \"Why You Wanna Treat Me So Bad?\" and \"I Wanna Be Your Lover\". His next three records—Dirty Mind (1980), Controversy (1981), and 1999 (1982)—continued his success, showcasing Prince's trademark of prominently sexual lyrics and blending of funk, dance, and rock music. In 1984, he began referring to his backup band as The Revolution and released Purple Rain, which served as the soundtrack to his film debut of the same name and was met with widespread acclaim. After releasing the albums Around the World in a Day (1985) and Parade (1986), The Revolution disbanded and Prince released the critically acclaimed double album Sign o' the Times (1987) as a solo artist. He released three more solo albums before debuting The New Power Generation band in 1991.\n\nIn the early 1990s, Prince became embroiled in a contractual battle with Warner Bros. In 1993, he changed his stage name to an unpronounceable symbol Prince logo.svg, also known as the \"Love Symbol\", and soon began releasing new albums at a faster pace to remove himself from contractual obligations to Warner Bros.; he released five records between 1994 and 1996 before signing with Arista Records in 1998. In 2000, he began referring to himself as \"Prince\" again. He released 15 albums after that; his final album, HITnRUN Phase Two, was first released exclusively on the Tidal streaming service on December 11, 2015.[7] On April 21, 2016, he died at his Paisley Park recording studio and home in Chanhassen, Minnesota following hospitalization for flu-like symptoms the previous week.[8]","Wow u must hav been his big est fan! ","u must know alot about Wendy's did you know I keep a Chocolate Frosty in my wet bar?  My ex-wife cant leave the house with out getting a Baconater so I fixed an AC to her ankle.\n\nWendy's | Dave Thomas\n---|---\nFrostees in my wet bar| Dell Diane to get Back in the House","Don't know why you're being downvoted for this.\n\nedit: *your","You didn't even try past the introduction. Have an up prince. ","r/theydidthemath","I'm 12 years old btw. ","TL;DR plz after you sauce your existence ","I wouldn't trust this \"wikipedia\" website they say he's still alive and lives in London","Another unrealistic  beauty standard","#Down With CIS","#**Perpendicular to the radius with TAN!**","#I don't know what we're yelling about","###ME NEITHER BUT YELLING IS FUN","TIL mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell ","I'm pretty sure the Billy Jean *was* his lover.","[LINK 4 THE LAZY](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Jackson)","It was a warm sunday afternoon at the farmers market, me and my mother were wandering around looking for local goods and homegrown fresh produce. We were trying all the free samples to determine the quality of the product. They were all generally good execpt for one. It was some milk that an old dutch man was selling, but it was different than \"normal\" milk. It tasted so good and I was so curious to know why. At his stand he had signs advertising his product. We bought a gallon of the sweet sweet milk and went home. The next day we come back, we get there an hour early to beat the afternoon rush. This time we see cheese and yogurt and icecream. He is a dairy man who sells dairy products, pretty typical but omething was different about these. Every product he had was super sweet and yummy in my tummy. I was craving it more and more each time. We approached him at his stand and asked him what his secret was. Where his cows genetically modified? Were they fed something special? I had no idea. He wouldn't tell us what it was. I was getting angry. I had to know why it was so yummy. I was starting to geet impaitent and irrational. I was yelling at him at this point, yet he refused to tell. He wouldn't budge. It was very evident that something was not correct. I was suffering from dairy withdrawls. I was going insane and I needed more. Me and my mom decided to follow him home after the farmers market was over. That was the last possible chance to get more of his product, and we needed more. We got in our car and waited for him to leave. Once he took down his stand and put it in his van he was ready to head out. He started driving and we began to follow him. We were following him for a good 30 minutes then we ended up on the highway. It was clear he was no local, probably a traveling merchant selling his product, We were approaching the border and about to leave colorado. He wasn't taking any stops, driving for hours upon hours. After multiple days of nonstop driving, I found myself in Illinois, chicago to be exact. I continued following the car untill we were approching the base of a secluded hill. As we drove up it, I noticed that we were leaving the city. There was suddenly less of society and more of nothingness. After driving for miles into an exluded area there was a warehouse building. We were trailing pretty far behind the man so he didn't see us following him. He parked his car  and then went into the warehouse. We parked in the more wooded area and then got close to the building. There is a window close to us so I creep over too it and crouch beneath it. I slowly peep my head up and see the horrors as to what lies within the building. There is around eight hundred female dogs chained to posts. I start to panic. Was I drinking dog milk? Is that why it was so good? No, it cant be. i walk over to the door where the man entered the premises. I open the door and go in. There is a huge open space where the dogs are being kept, and then office like rooms on the other side of the warehouse. I run accross the building towards the offices having my hands cupped around my ears to stop myself from hearing the distressed whines of the dogs. Once I get to the office my nightmares become a reality. I see none other than Henry Vincenzo Ferolie fucking a dog. I throw up in disgust and then I see the old man suddenly appear out of nowhere. \"Now you know my secret,\" he says in a low monotone voice. I fall to the ground, clutching my stoumach. \"Henry Ferolie hand fucks every dog to make sure they're prime for the milking,\" he utters from behind me as I feel myself slowly dying. I hear a door open and Its none other than the man himself. Henry. He stands tall looming over my crippled body. \"Its your turn now,\" he says \"Its time for the consumer to be the consumed.\" I feel my clothes disengrating off my body and my tailbone extending. I feel all of my skin rapidly growing hair. I feel my internal organs and bones are chaging simultaneously. Its already too late. I've become the dog. While the whole process was taking place I wasn't playing attention to my surroundings. I was somehow in the office. With him. The demon. The secret to the dairy products was Henry Ferolie fucking each and every dog by hand. And my time has came","TLDR: tldr...","It was a warm sunday afternoon at the farmers market, me and my mother were wandering around looking for local goods and homegrown fresh produce. We were trying all the free samples to determine the quality of the product. They were all generally good execpt for one. It was some milk that an old dutch man was selling, but it was different than \"normal\" milk. It tasted so good and I was so curious to know why. At his stand he had signs advertising his product. We bought a gallon of the sweet sweet milk and went home. The next day we come back, we get there an hour early to beat the afternoon rush. This time we see cheese and yogurt and icecream. He is a dairy man who sells dairy products, pretty typical but omething was different about these. Every product he had was super sweet and yummy in my tummy. I was craving it more and more each time. We approached him at his stand and asked him what his secret was. Where his cows genetically modified? Were they fed something special? I had no idea. He wouldn't tell us what it was. I was getting angry. I had to know why it was so yummy. I was starting to geet impaitent and irrational. I was yelling at him at this point, yet he refused to tell. He wouldn't budge. It was very evident that something was not correct. I was suffering from dairy withdrawls. I was going insane and I needed more. Me and my mom decided to follow him home after the farmers market was over. That was the last possible chance to get more of his product, and we needed more. We got in our car and waited for him to leave. Once he took down his stand and put it in his van he was ready to head out. He started driving and we began to follow him. We were following him for a good 30 minutes then we ended up on the highway. It was clear he was no local, probably a traveling merchant selling his product, We were approaching the border and about to leave colorado. He wasn't taking any stops, driving for hours upon hours. After multiple days of nonstop driving, I found myself in Illinois, chicago to be exact. I continued following the car untill we were approching the base of a secluded hill. As we drove up it, I noticed that we were leaving the city. There was suddenly less of society and more of nothingness. After driving for miles into an exluded area there was a warehouse building. We were trailing pretty far behind the man so he didn't see us following him. He parked his car and then went into the warehouse. We parked in the more wooded area and then got close to the building. There is a window close to us so I creep over too it and crouch beneath it. I slowly peep my head up and see the horrors as to what lies within the building. There is around eight hundred female dogs chained to posts. I start to panic. Was I drinking dog milk? Is that why it was so good? No, it cant be. i walk over to the door where the man entered the premises. I open the door and go in. There is a huge open space where the dogs are being kept, and then office like rooms on the other side of the warehouse. I run accross the building towards the offices having my hands cupped around my ears to stop myself from hearing the distressed whines of the dogs. Once I get to the office my nightmares become a reality. I see none other than Henry Vincenzo Ferolie fucking a dog. I throw up in disgust and then I see the old man suddenly appear out of nowhere. \"Now you know my secret,\" he says in a low monotone voice. I fall to the ground, clutching my stoumach. \"Henry Ferolie hand fucks every dog to make sure they're prime for the milking,\" he utters from behind me as I feel myself slowly dying. I hear a door open and Its none other than the man himself. Henry. He stands tall looming over my crippled body. \"Its your turn now,\" he says \"Its time for the consumer to be the consumed.\" I feel my clothes disengrating off my body and my tailbone extending. I feel all of my skin rapidly growing hair. I feel my internal organs and bones are chaging simultaneously. Its already too late. I've become the dog. While the whole process was taking place I wasn't playing attention to my surroundings. I was somehow in the office. With him. The demon. The secret to the dairy products was Henry Ferolie fucking each and every dog by hand. And my time has came\n\n","Wut","#IT WAS A WARM SUNDAY AFTERNOON AT THE FARMERS MARKET, ME AND MY MOTHER WERE WANDERING AROUND LOOKING FOR LOCAL GOODS AND HOMEGROWN FRESH PRODUCE. WE WERE TRYING ALL THE FREE SAMPLES TO DETERMINE THE QUALITY OF THE PRODUCT. THEY WERE ALL GENERALLY GOOD EXECPT FOR ONE. IT WAS SOME MILK THAT AN OLD DUTCH MAN WAS SELLING, BUT IT WAS DIFFERENT THAN \"NORMAL\" MILK. IT TASTED SO GOOD AND I WAS SO CURIOUS TO KNOW WHY. AT HIS STAND HE HAD SIGNS ADVERTISING HIS PRODUCT. WE BOUGHT A GALLON OF THE SWEET SWEET MILK AND WENT HOME. THE NEXT DAY WE COME BACK, WE GET THERE AN HOUR EARLY TO BEAT THE AFTERNOON RUSH. THIS TIME WE SEE CHEESE AND YOGURT AND ICECREAM. HE IS A DAIRY MAN WHO SELLS DAIRY PRODUCTS, PRETTY TYPICAL BUT OMETHING WAS DIFFERENT ABOUT THESE. EVERY PRODUCT HE HAD WAS SUPER SWEET AND YUMMY IN MY TUMMY. I WAS CRAVING IT MORE AND MORE EACH TIME. WE APPROACHED HIM AT HIS STAND AND ASKED HIM WHAT HIS SECRET WAS. WHERE HIS COWS GENETICALLY MODIFIED? WERE THEY FED SOMETHING SPECIAL? I HAD NO IDEA. HE WOULDN'T TELL US WHAT IT WAS. I WAS GETTING ANGRY. I HAD TO KNOW WHY IT WAS SO YUMMY. I WAS STARTING TO GEET IMPAITENT AND IRRATIONAL. I WAS YELLING AT HIM AT THIS POINT, YET HE REFUSED TO TELL. HE WOULDN'T BUDGE. IT WAS VERY EVIDENT THAT SOMETHING WAS NOT CORRECT. I WAS SUFFERING FROM DAIRY WITHDRAWLS. I WAS GOING INSANE AND I NEEDED MORE. ME AND MY MOM DECIDED TO FOLLOW HIM HOME AFTER THE FARMERS MARKET WAS OVER. THAT WAS THE LAST POSSIBLE CHANCE TO GET MORE OF HIS PRODUCT, AND WE NEEDED MORE. WE GOT IN OUR CAR AND WAITED FOR HIM TO LEAVE. ONCE HE TOOK DOWN HIS STAND AND PUT IT IN HIS VAN HE WAS READY TO HEAD OUT. HE STARTED DRIVING AND WE BEGAN TO FOLLOW HIM. WE WERE FOLLOWING HIM FOR A GOOD 30 MINUTES THEN WE ENDED UP ON THE HIGHWAY. IT WAS CLEAR HE WAS NO LOCAL, PROBABLY A TRAVELING MERCHANT SELLING HIS PRODUCT, WE WERE APPROACHING THE BORDER AND ABOUT TO LEAVE COLORADO. HE WASN'T TAKING ANY STOPS, DRIVING FOR HOURS UPON HOURS. AFTER MULTIPLE DAYS OF NONSTOP DRIVING, I FOUND MYSELF IN ILLINOIS, CHICAGO TO BE EXACT. I CONTINUED FOLLOWING THE CAR UNTILL WE WERE APPROCHING THE BASE OF A SECLUDED HILL. AS WE DROVE UP IT, I NOTICED THAT WE WERE LEAVING THE CITY. THERE WAS SUDDENLY LESS OF SOCIETY AND MORE OF NOTHINGNESS. AFTER DRIVING FOR MILES INTO AN EXLUDED AREA THERE WAS A WAREHOUSE BUILDING. WE WERE TRAILING PRETTY FAR BEHIND THE MAN SO HE DIDN'T SEE US FOLLOWING HIM. HE PARKED HIS CAR AND THEN WENT INTO THE WAREHOUSE. WE PARKED IN THE MORE WOODED AREA AND THEN GOT CLOSE TO THE BUILDING. THERE IS A WINDOW CLOSE TO US SO I CREEP OVER TOO IT AND CROUCH BENEATH IT. I SLOWLY PEEP MY HEAD UP AND SEE THE HORRORS AS TO WHAT LIES WITHIN THE BUILDING. THERE IS AROUND EIGHT HUNDRED FEMALE DOGS CHAINED TO POSTS. I START TO PANIC. WAS I DRINKING DOG MILK? IS THAT WHY IT WAS SO GOOD? NO, IT CANT BE. I WALK OVER TO THE DOOR WHERE THE MAN ENTERED THE PREMISES. I OPEN THE DOOR AND GO IN. THERE IS A HUGE OPEN SPACE WHERE THE DOGS ARE BEING KEPT, AND THEN OFFICE LIKE ROOMS ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE WAREHOUSE. I RUN ACCROSS THE BUILDING TOWARDS THE OFFICES HAVING MY HANDS CUPPED AROUND MY EARS TO STOP MYSELF FROM HEARING THE DISTRESSED WHINES OF THE DOGS. ONCE I GET TO THE OFFICE MY NIGHTMARES BECOME A REALITY. I SEE NONE OTHER THAN HENRY VINCENZO FEROLIE FUCKING A DOG. I THROW UP IN DISGUST AND THEN I SEE THE OLD MAN SUDDENLY APPEAR OUT OF NOWHERE. \"NOW YOU KNOW MY SECRET,\" HE SAYS IN A LOW MONOTONE VOICE. I FALL TO THE GROUND, CLUTCHING MY STOUMACH. \"HENRY FEROLIE HAND FUCKS EVERY DOG TO MAKE SURE THEY'RE PRIME FOR THE MILKING,\" HE UTTERS FROM BEHIND ME AS I FEEL MYSELF SLOWLY DYING. I HEAR A DOOR OPEN AND ITS NONE OTHER THAN THE MAN HIMSELF. HENRY. HE STANDS TALL LOOMING OVER MY CRIPPLED BODY. \"ITS YOUR TURN NOW,\" HE SAYS \"ITS TIME FOR THE CONSUMER TO BE THE CONSUMED.\" I FEEL MY CLOTHES DISENGRATING OFF MY BODY AND MY TAILBONE EXTENDING. I FEEL ALL OF MY SKIN RAPIDLY GROWING HAIR. I FEEL MY INTERNAL ORGANS AND BONES ARE CHAGING SIMULTANEOUSLY. ITS ALREADY TOO LATE. I'VE BECOME THE DOG. WHILE THE WHOLE PROCESS WAS TAKING PLACE I WASN'T PLAYING ATTENTION TO MY SURROUNDINGS. I WAS SOMEHOW IN THE OFFICE. WITH HIM. THE DEMON. THE SECRET TO THE DAIRY PRODUCTS WAS HENRY FEROLIE FUCKING EACH AND EVERY DOG BY HAND. AND MY TIME HAS CAME\n\n\n***\n\n##[^^^I ^^^am ^^^a ^^^bot, ^^^and ^^^I ^^^don't ^^^respond ^^^to ^^^myself.](https://np.reddit.com/r/CantHearYouBot/)","Gold please ^","Somebody give this man some gold! ","i'm not adding to the conversation but give me some fucking gold","Wut\n\nEDITI: Spelling.\n\nEDITII: Upvotes to the left.\n\nEDITIII: Thanks for the spelling kind gold!\n\nEDITIV: RIP Prince.\n\nEDITV: Wish we could swap Prince for Kanye. DAE think Kanye should die? XD\n\nEDITVI: RIP Margaret Thatcher.","Wat","Edit: saving for later thanks","☐ Yes\n\n☐ This\n\n☐ Came here to say this\n\n☐ Logged in just to upvote this\n\n☐ I know this will never be seen but...\n\n☐ I found this gem...\n\n☐ This will be downvoted to hell/buried but...\n\n☐ An upvote for you, good sir\n\n☐ You are a gentleman and a scholar\n\n☐ You magnificent bastard\n\n☐ Someone give this man reddit gold\n\n☑ Edit: Thanks for the gold, kind stranger!\n\n☐ Anne Frankly I did nazi that coming\n\n☐ That escalated quickly\n\n☐ To the top with you!\n\n☐ Lost it at ____\n\n☐ This is why we can't have nice things\n\n☐ Faith in humanity restored\n\n☐ Whoa / mind = blown\n\n☐ Manly tears were shed\n\n☐ Cutting onions\n\n☐ I know that feel, bro\n\n☐ Right in the feels\n\n☐ Risky click\n\n☐ Shots fired\n\n☐ Nailed it\n\n☐ You. I like you\n\n☐ I regret that I only have one upvote to give\n\n☐ Tree fiddy\n\n☑ Was not disappointed\n\n☐ Wait, why do I have you tagged as _______?\n\n☐ What did I just read?\n\n☐ Da fuq?\n\n☑ YOU HAD ONE JOB\n\n☐ I can't fap to this\n\n☐ Cakeday\n\n☐ What are you doing, stahp\n\n☐ For science\n\n☐ That's enough internet for me today\n\n☐ Would not bang\n\n☐ x/10 would (not) Y\n\n☐ What is this I don't even?\n\n☐ How is this WTF?\n\n☐ Circlejerk must be leaking\n\n☐ Lawyer up, delete facebook, hit the gym\n\n☐ Said no one ever\n\n☐ I have the weirdest boner right now\n\n☐ #REKT\n\n☐ /thread\n\n☐ My first post\n\n☐ Edit: wow I can't believe my top comment is about _______\n\n☐ EDIT: Seriously front page? Thanks guys!\n\n☐ EDIT: Obligatory front page edit!!!\n\n☐ Are you me?\n\n☐ Directions unclear - dick stuck in _______\n\n☐ I laughed way harder than I should have\n\n☐ It's almost like Reddit is thousands of different people with thousands of different opinions.\n\n☐ Plot twist: _____\n\n☐ Step one: be attractive. Step two: don't be unattractive.\n\n☐ Broken Arms - Mom jerked him off\n\n☐ ____ here: can confirm / can confirm: am ____/ etc\n\n☐ Something involving sex with \"your mom\"\n\n☐ Mom's spaghetti\n\nReddit stories:\n\n☐ Cumbox\n\n☐ Cumboxers\n\n☐ Jolly Rancher\n\n☐ Wednesday, the cat\n\n☐ Doritos\n\n☐ Colby\n\n☐ Dagobah (Ass Injection Infection)\n\n☐ Hambeast\n\n☐ Shitfisting Potato\n\n☐ Vagina Bacon\n","We should all get this tattooed on our ankles!","Now, this, this meme is exquisite. One I can really get behind, you know? Fresh off the pile. Not like one of those old, stale memes. You know, I was browsing my facebook the other day, just kind of scrolling down my wall in a fit of self-hatred, looking at all the normie memes when it hit me. I was at the cross-section of stale pepes and a bad luck brian when I realized that, well... these memes weren't doing it for me anymore. I hopped on over to 9gag. Kanjiklubs and One-Does-Not-Simply's passed through my field of view. I got a small buzz, but it wasn't enough. Nothing could compare to that first high of memes that I got so long ago. I went to tumblr next. Undertale memes. Undertale memes out the ass. I never even finished that game. Then I went to iFunny. Ha ha, just kidding - nobody goes to fucking iFunny. My next stop was reddit. I tried to browse the memes, but the front page was taken over by Donald Trump memes and Bernie Sanders phonebank posts. I tell you what, this election would be an amazing one if reddit upvotes were counted instead of actual votes. Nevertheless, my meme-high couldn't be sated. As a last resort, I went to the source. The place where memes are incubated, grown, and thrown out. The true hivemind of memesters. I ventured into 4chan. It still wasn't enough. I had given up hope. I could never get that first meme-high again. I put my limited edition Japan-imported katana to my belly, prepared to commit sudoku - and that was when I saw it. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a meme. It was this meme. I opened the image, and was hit by a wave of feeling that I hadn't felt in years. An experience that I hadn't had since my very first rage comic back in the fifth grade. As the ecstasy wafted over my pitiful form, I came with the force of a thousand suns. I could feel my body ascending to a higher plane of existence. My existence on this mortal coil was completed. TL:DR, the meme was dank.","me too thanks","Alzheimers patient voting for Bernie AMAAlzheimers patient voting for Bernie AMAAlzheimers patient voting for Bernie AMAAlzheimers patient voting for Bernie AMA. A woman sat next to him, asked if she could do it directly into my eyes and put my 12 inch penor in my gf's vagoo.","you're**","It's not peer reviewed tho","How is it that Bernie Sanders is so awesome? I wish I could ride his cock all day long.\n\nEdit: Thanks for the gold, kind stranger!","Bernie Sanders has died. Fuck 2016.","Hillary Clinton is good even though /r/theDonald and /r/Sandersforpresident says she's bad.  Now give me upvotes that are 100% real and not fake at all.","Here, have a downvote. Upvotes are too mainstream.","/r/internetisbeautiful","/r/JusticePorn ","GONNA PARTY LIKE THIS POST HAS 1999 UPVOTES","RIP Bernie","Which Prince of what country? ","Where's the beef tho","Is it purple? ","I heard he had youtube take it down","/r/tightalgore","Disclaimer: No memes were hurt in the delivery of this post. ","Relevant username","[**AND HIS REAL NAME WAS JOHN ZIMAAAA!**](https://i.redditmedia.com/K3rlSKg8iRlbsCWd4JPODD_fVRNcSnLQm-19gi7qnXo.jpg?w=450&amp;s=63238fcb24ec8ef1458e5ffb4175a177)","Wow. So ahead of his time ","and that Wikipedia's name? Bernie Sanders.","Topkek","Child labour refers to the employment of children in any work that deprives children of their childhood, interferes with their ability to attend regular school, and that is mentally, physically, socially or morally dangerous and harmful.[3] This practice is considered exploitative by many international organisations. Legislation across the world prohibit child labour.[4][5] These laws do not consider all work by children as child labour; exceptions include work by child artists, family duties, supervised training, certain categories of work such as those by Amish children, some forms of child work common among indigenous American children, and others.[6][7][8]\n\nChild labour has existed to varying extents, through most of history. Before 1940, numerous children aged 5–14 worked in Europe, the United States and various colonies of European powers. These children mainly worked in agriculture, home-based assembly operations, factories, mining and in services such as newsies. Some worked night shifts lasting 12 hours. With the rise of household income, availability of schools and passage of child labour laws, the incidence rates of child labour fell.[9][10][11]\n\nIn developing countries, with high poverty and poor schooling opportunities, child labour is still prevalent. In 2010, sub-saharan Africa had the highest incidence rates of child labour, with several African nations witnessing over 50 percent of children aged 5–14 working.[12] Worldwide agriculture is the largest employer of child labour.[13] Vast majority of child labour is found in rural settings and informal urban economy; children are predominantly employed by their parents, rather than factories.[14] Poverty and lack of schools are considered as the primary cause of child labour.[15]\n\nGlobally the incidence of child labour decreased from 25% to 10% between 1960 and 2003, according to the World Bank.[16] Nevertheless, the total number of child labourers remains high, with UNICEF and ILO acknowledging an estimated 168 million children aged 5–17 worldwide, were involved in child labour in 2013.","TIL there is a website dedicated to providing information about all of the things that existed in the world in which Prince lived.","Carefully insert the bulb 1/2 to 1 inch into your baby's rectum.\nHold the bulb and your baby still for three minutes.\nDon't let go of the thermometer while it's inside your baby. If your baby squirms, the thermometer could go deeper and cause an injury.","Unsubscribe","memedy's","THE SECRET FORMULEHR","Brought to you by Carl's Jr. Fuck you!","Came here to say this","Shill mods monetizing circlejerk","Downvoted. You're exactly what's wrong with /r/circlejerk.","Downjerked. Looks like circlejerk is leaking.","Upjerked because my foreskin is starting to hurt.","&gt;This post sponsored by Wendy's. Quality Is Our Recipe®\n\n **Downvoted.** You're exactly what's wrong with _circlejerk_. Instead of posting satire, mocking reddit and being clever and original, you continue to post\n\n#lame phrases and beat to glue anything that was even remotely funny,\n\nall under the guise that you want to show what's wrong with **reddit.** You don't care about reddit. You belong to the system that this subreddit was made to mock. **You seek karma.** You seek to be a power-user, a well-known name in a sea of _perpetual anonymity_. The higher your karma-count, the more you get off on it. You are smug and self-satisfying. You are the problem.\n\n##There should be a \"delete\" button below your posts.\n\n Start clicking them after you post and you'll find that reddit starts to improve.\n\n"],["This post sponsored by Wendy's. Quality Is Our Recipe®\n\n*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/circlejerk) if you have any questions or concerns.*","FUCK YOU'RE OLD","&gt; FUCK YOU'RE OLD\n\nFUCK YOUR OLD*\n\n\n\nFTFY ","Mind blown.","TIL Bernie Sanders","Came here to say this!\n\nninja edit: I came here to say this EXACT thing.","LITERALLY","THIS","IT'S A PRANK BRO!","FUCK YOU('RE OLD)","FUCKOLD","CUKFOLD","\nCat can poo in the loo.\nSay, Apu, why can't you?\n\nDog can poo in the loo.\nCan you, Apu? Can you?\n\nMonkey, too, can poo in loo.\nI say, Apu, why can't you?\n\nSloth is slow, slow as glue,\nYet even he can poo in loo.\n\nElephant is big and large,\nHe needs toilet size of barge.\nBut he is smart compared to you,\nFor elephant can poo in loo.\n\nEven Slav who dumb as bricks,\nAnd barely rub together sticks,\nWhen needs to go, what he do?\nUnlike you, he poo in loo.\n\nRat is small and lives on streets,\nFeasting on discarded treats,\nBut when it's time for number two,\nEven rat can poo in loo.\n\nLying Jew who says \"Oy vey\"\nAnd cheats and steals all the day,\nYet he knows just what to do,\nHe takes his poo into the loo.\n\nDirty Frenchman smells so bad,\nHe thinks that soap is just a fad,\nYet he cries aloud, \"Mon Dieu!\"\nAnd places poo within the loo.\n\nThe time has come for our tale to end\nSo let's remind our Indian friend,\nUnless you're stupid you already knew,\nThe loo is made for you to poo.","they did the math"],["This post sponsored by Wendy's. Quality Is Our Recipe®\n\n*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/circlejerk) if you have any questions or concerns.*","You look a lot like Steve Buschemi!\n\nEdit: Downvotes really? Fuck I'm old.","TIL: Steve Buscemi was a firetruck for 7/11","Looked at the picture before I looked at the title. I couldn't help but think \"that guy looks just like Bernie Sanders\".","Sorry, but I just don't see it.","username checks out XDD","#FeelTheBern\n\nI'm 15 years old and I LOVE Bernie Sanders! :) #FeelTheBern lol. I am REALLY interested in politics. Let me just say that I am so sick and tired of these faux news racist reactionary far right Republican candidates like Donald Trump getting votes (by people like my dad.... lol). It's so funny that people hate Bernie Sanders because he's a socialist.. do people even realize that we have like a million social programs in the United States?? And Europe already IS socialist. These stupid old white guys need to get with the times lol. I don't see why we can't just have free college and free healthcare. These things are a right NOT a privilege. Plus it's already done in EVERY other first world country. Too bad faux news idiots are too brainwashed because they're paid out by big business. lol. Not to mention the income inequality.... completely disgusting.","IF U WERE KILLED TOMORROW, I WOULDNT GO 2 UR FUNERAL CUZ ID B N JAIL 4 KILLIN DA MOTHA FUKER THAT KILLED U!\n\n..._.....____________________, ,\n....../ `---___________----_____] = = = = = D\n...../_==o;;;;;;;;_______.:/\n.....), ---.(_(__) /\n....// (..) ), ----\"\n...//___//\n..//___//\n.//___//\n\nWE TRUE HOMIES WE RIDE TOGETHER WE DIE TOGETHER send this GUN to everyone you care about including me if you care. C how many times you get this, if you get a 13 your A TRUE HOMIE\n\n"]],"WritingPrompts":[["James was the average man of his age; he grew up in a poor family with five siblings, got conscripted into Vietnam where he made friends and lost some too, then came home to a family of his own. Unlike his parents, though, he decided to have just one child- he saw both how much his parents struggled and how little affection they showed with such massive time constraints. Supporting that many children is no simple task, and comes with sacrifice. The six of them returned the favor later in life, visiting and helping take care of their parents until old age took them from this world.\n\nNow, James is seventy-two; wisps of grey hairs poke out of his head like fading memories. His life is dull, his back and hips are worn out to the point he can't garden for long or fire a rifle properly anymore. Old age takes a lot of what you once loved from you, including the people around you. Three siblings lost, and a wife that passed too soon...\n\nBut his son is enough to make it all worth it. The light of his life; the sum of his existence. The culmination of years spent nurturing, like a sapling sprouting into a thick, strong Oak tree.\n\n----\n\nJames lazily flipped through channels on the TV, earning grumpy shouts of refute from the other elderly people sitting in the rec room with him. \n\n\"Keep the damn channel still, you're going to give me vertigo.\"\n\nHe shushed her. \"Quiet, Doris. My son might be on TV again and I need to find him.\"\n\nChannel 5 was the jackpot.\n\n\"*Breaking news, brought to you live: during an armed heist of the local Bank of America, one man took down five burglars single-handed. It's unlike anything we've ever seen before- no hostages were harmed, and the money has been returned safely. We'll keep you updated as time goes by.*\"\n\nThe helicopter camera panned out over a crowd of bystanders cheering and police taking the robbers into custody. Just barely, as James scooted forward and squinted, he could see his son waving to the crowd.\n\n\"See, Doris! That's my Kevin! I told you he'd be on TV again!\" The old man lit up like a Christmas tree on a dark, December night.\n\n\"That's not even impressive. Frank, I want to watch the cooking shows. Change it back already.\"\n\nHis smile faded, twisting into a frown. \"What the fuck am I doing in this place? I'm not Frank. Here, Doris, watch your cooking shows.\"\n\nHe changed the channel, went back to his room and put proper clothes on. *How long has it been? A year, maybe more? Two years? I can't wait any longer. I need to see my baby boy again.*\n\nRifling through his closet, there was a carton of old love letters from his late wife. He looked at them and smiled, but underneath them was a .22 pistol that no one had caught during his entry inspection. He slipped it under his belt and walked up to the front desk. \"Melissa, I'm gonna go for a walk today.\"\n\nShe looked up from her cell phone and lazily waved a hand at him, buzzing the door open. He pretended to follow his usual path, hobbling on his cane, then deviated and slipped through an opening in the brush out back. He made his way to a gas station. \n\n\"Give me your money. Just a few dollars is fine,\" James shouted weakly, gun trembling in the air.\n\nThe cashier was calm for the situation. \"Sir, put the gun down. Let me help you, okay? What do you need?\"\n\nJames' voice began to crack. \"Please, give me some money and call the police.\"\n\n\"Sir, j-\"\n\n\"DO IT,\" he screamed, firing a shot to the right of him. Glass rained down with bits of cardboard and broken cigarettes. The man lifted his arms up and obliged, then handed him a hundred dollar bill.\n\nJames sat down outside the building and waited for about five minutes, staring at the clouds go by. Soon enough, his son arrived, like he always did.\n\n\"My son! I knew the city's superhero would make it here to save the day.\"\n\nKevin groaned, pinching the bridge of his nose. \"Dad, I'm not a superhero. I always tell you, I'm just a cop who does his job well. Come on, why'd you go and do something this drastic? Where'd you get the gun? Someone could've really been hurt, Dad.\"\n\nJames looked down, answering meekly. \"I wanted to see you again. It's been several years now, you're always so busy.\"\n\nKevin took a deep breath as his father began to cry. \"Come on, let's take you back to Glowing Meadows.\"\n\nJames lit up again, the hope of a younger man glinting in his eyes. \"Can we play checkers?\"\n\nKevin put an arm around his father, helping him into the car. \"Yeah, we can play checkers. Just get in the car while I explain this to my supervisor, okay?\"\n\n\"Sure thing, Kev, my man. I can't wait for you to tell me all about your job, and your love life. You need to get married and give me grandchildren!\"\n\n\"Yeah, Dad. We'll talk all about it when we get back.\"\n\nHe shut the cruiser door and walked up to his superior officer. \"Sorry, chief. My-\"\n\n\"I heard the whole thing, son. You don't visit your father? I oughtta put *you* in jail. Respect is something the elderly earn.\"\n\nKevin' gaze shifted to the dirt, and he began to tremble a little. His voice was low and weak, barely audible. \n\n\"I just visited him three days ago, sir.\"\n\n-----\n\n*awesome prompt, thank all of you for the kind words and touching stories!!! it's doesn't exactly follow the prompt but I felt the urge to write it. If you'd like to check out my other work, visit /r/resonatingfury!*","Such a heart-rending ending. I really liked how he sees his cop son as a superhero, wanting to show him off. And how real you made it.","Thank you!! There are a lot of superhero prompts and I wanted to go somewhere different with it. Greatly appreciated!!","Alzheimer's is fucked. My grandad had it, and my dad probably has it too. I liked how you dropped the bomb at the end, cool story bro.","He did not exactly drop it at the end, it was hinted in one of the earlier paragraphs.","Where is the hint?","&lt;p&gt;James sat down outside the building and waited for about five minutes, staring at the clouds go by. Soon enough, his son arrived, like he always did.&lt;/p&gt; \n\nLast sentence was the first hint. There were a few more after.\n\n","Huh.  When i read that line, I interpreted it as \"like he always did (when crime occured)\"","That is also how I read it. Was not an Alzheimer's hint, even looking back","I think they're saying it had a double meaning. ","Same.","How is that an Alzheimer's hint?","It was used as a double meaning. The phrase \"like he always did\", at first glance, implies that he always shows up when there's crime. However, the other meaning after the reader realizes the grandfather had some memory failure implies that he always shows up for his father, but the father never realizes it. I really hope I didn't get all of that wrong, that's what I took from what they said. ","I don't think that's the case though since the lady at his home let him leave so willingly.","I knew what was up the moment we were told his son is, in fact, a cop, not a superhero.","Incredible interpretation of the prompt. Thank you.","Thank you! Probably not what everyone wanted or expected but it felt right to me.","Far better than what I expected.","Fuck you, man. I was having a good day.\n\nExcellent story telling.","This was perfect!","Hey- you shouldn't have deleted your response. It was a good story and just because you got to the prompt later or it didn't seem to be doing great doesn't mean it didn't have worth. My response actually doesn't have as many upvotes as you think lol, someone else with a good story could easily overtake it!\n\nDon't let upvotes on reddit determine your worth.","Hey! That's really kind of you to say. \n\nI rarely delete a response, I think this is the second time,  but I read yours and it was the perfect response! Very well thought out and brillianty executed. It made me realise mine was sloppy and lazy, even for a lighthearted response (it really was).\n\nYou got a new subscriber :)","Try it again. Funny enough, my pivotal moment as a writer was on the Buddhist robot prompt a few months ago, when I wrote some sloppy, shitty story about an American forced to be a monk who was told to code Buddhist robots for some kind of peace invasion, I don't even fucking remember. Saw an open prompt, didn't think, wrote trash.\n\n/u/FormerFutureAuthor killed that prompt and a few people crapped on me for how terrible mine was, so I deleted it- but FFA encouraged me to try again. I wrote what I consider one of my best pieces of work to date, 5 hours later, and it crept up to second. We treat these prompts as a contest, unfortunately, but they're not supposed to be. They're practice :)","word :)","https://38.media.tumblr.com/859d53ee47b98c816bfeb876934da8d1/tumblr_nkkv07OtD21snr4pro4_r1_500.gif","Great advice. I don't have much time but I gave it another go.","I believe in youuuu","Aw man. God that hits me in the heart, straight through.","I'm not crying...","Me either...","It's these damn onions.","Its just that my eyes are sweating... you know because they are so... manly... -eyes water-.","It's just been raining on my face","This is one of the best prompts I've ever read.","Well then you should read more of them ;p I kid, thank you for the compliment!","Damn, feels were nuked out of orbit.","It's the only way to be sure.","As someone with an Alzheimer's-afflicted family member, this really brought out the tears. And then I noticed that their names together wrote out \"Kevin James\" and I chuckled.\n\nAmazing interpretation, superb writing, all-too-real emotions felt from both characters.","Paul Blart: Pretty Good Cop","What does this reference?","Oh. Oh! Oh, he did that! Wow! ","I smiled when the other officer said I oughtta put you in jail\n\nAnd then Kevin said I just visited him 3 days ago :(((\n\nWonderful response","Damn it I was so angry at Kevin too. ","This reminds me of my coworker who visits his dad three times a week but his dad never remembers. Heartbreaking to hear about his father's condition but I respect my coworker for taking the time to have dinner with him","My Grandparents are going through Alziemers so I'm sitting here in a parking lot bawling my eyes out.","I'm sorry to hear that :/","Right in the feels. ","No I'm not crying something's in my eye, damn you fury, damn you!",":'(","For fuck's sake. You ripped me straight ouf of fantasy land and straight into \"go-fuck-yourself\" reality.","Seriously, that was outstanding. Thank you.",":) ... :| ... :( ... D:","Dammit these ninjas cutting onions again. Have your damn upvote sir. ","This was amazing. So sweet in the beginning, then my feels got dunked.","And now I'm crying ","Oh fucking shit. I can't. Fuck.. I'm crying. Fuck.","Right in the feels","Well, that was sad. ","Definitely needs more upvotes. Thank you for the great read!","God Damn it. This one is sad. ","Nicely done fury!","Thanks bud!","FUCK YOU MAN, FUCK YOU\n\nIT'S 10:45 I DIDN'T NEED THIS","Right in the heart ","That hurt my heart, beautifully though","My nan died with (not of) Alzheimer's 3 weeks ago. Def hit right in the feels. But Awesome writing, thanks for putting pen to paper/words on screen. Look forward to reading through more of your work, Awesomely written. Any chance you have a collection of short (or long) stories you've published that can be bought?","I'm working on a book through Wattpad but it's a long way from done :p thank you!!","Oh sweet, well aside from the WPs, look forward to seeing more of your work then, keep at it for sure! :)","Reminds me of this. Even though they are very different\n\nhttps://youtu.be/lJq2PAI-Fxc","Damn...","Awww.... ","This is fuckin amazing. Really really really. Aaaaaaaaaa","2 of my grandparents have had a dementia, and this story hit me right in the feels. Reaaaally well done, thanks for writing it","I cried and got a little scared at the end. Alzheimer's such a bitch. I remembered how it felt to repeatedly explain to my late grandfather how his wife died. I'm scared to think that the same thing could happen to me when I grow old. So much feels, man...","Goddamnit. I just visited man that has been like a grandfather to me at the nursing home today. 3 months ago he was perfectly okay other than falling. Now he can barely recognize anyone, not even his wife of 60 years. Today was a good day though, he recognized everyone, and has really happy to see everyone.","Your text impressed/entertained me. Coming from someone who would rather eat rusty nails than read a book.\n\n","Books are pretty cool, though :p","This was perfect, just beautifull!!","This was incredible.\n\nI don't think I've ever responded to a WP story before but this is pro level material. Well done!","Damn it. I've had a really rough couple days and I've managed to hold myself together but this is what made me lose it. \n\nMy grandfather has Alzheimer's. He's 70 right now and he's not too bad yet but he's getting worse every day... \n\nThis was an amazing interpretation of the prompt and it really hit me in a very personal way. ","Holy crap you had me right to the end - I really had no idea that was coming.\n\nSuch a solid build-up, it was so subtle I read through it without even noticing the time fly by... Then that punch right at the end... Usually these sort of things are predictable because the writer over-hints at it or the build-up to it is so obvious but I'm really glad you only dropped the one hint of him not being able to remember how many years he'd been there for.\n\nI really didn't see it coming but when I read it... it felt like one of those perfect twists you read out of best selling books that make you just want to skip work/sleep/responsibility's and power through the next chapter.\n\ntldr: Right in the feels!","I'm crying at work. \n\nMy grandfather passed away a few months ago. I took care of him in his last years, and he had dementia/alzheimers. He whacked me with his cane as he believed I was being disobedient for not hiding his shoes from his nurses. I don't know if he knew who I was towards the end, as he would revert back to his child-like glee from playing games he would make up on the spot. But he would be happy to see me as if the very presence of me at least felt familiar.\n\nHis nursing home was a few blocks away from my school. In the beginning, he came to the school asking when graduation was. I already finished school when this happened. It made me worried how much he walked versus forgetting about my graduation. *It's fucking odd isn't it?* To be sympathetic about someone's physical condition yet understand their deteriorating mental capacity. \n\nThen I saw him dead on a hospital bed which haunts me to this day. Pale skin. Necrosis setting in. \n\nI was a pallbearer at his funeral. It would be the last time I would carry him. \n\nI cried alone. I missed the man who he once was, and I'm glad he no longer has to pretend to acknowledge something he doesn't understand. But that fucking \"checkers\" part you wrote in just really got to me. It sounds so typical of someone who suffers from memory loss, but the reversion of something they enjoyed when they were younger -- and the association with their past familiarity with familial recognition of younger generations -- just... hurts.\n\nFuck you for writing this and writing it well. You dick.\n\nBut seriously, this is great! Keep writing please!","Great story! Just wanted to point out that bridge is a 4 player game (fairly certain  you can't play with just 2), unless you were implying there would be others to play with. Just knit picking though, keep it up :] ","It's nitpicking not knit picking. It comes from the very meticulous act of picking nits out of hair. Sorry, considering your post I couldn't resist.","Thanks,  ESL and wasn't sure/cba to Google! ","Well, I don't know shit about bridge, really. I think I'll change that, thanks!","There is a variation of bridge that you can play 2 handed actually: doesn't need to have 4 players","&gt; There is a variation of bridge that you can play 2 handed actually\n\nYeah, Honeymoon Bridge. [Here's](http://www.bicyclecards.ca/game-rules/honeymoon-bridge/195.php) how to play it.","Jesus fucking Christ.\n\nThis is the most heart-wrenching story I've ever read on this sub.","Such a sweet poignant story. I really was expecting a super hero. Wonderful writing.","OK, but did you really need to make me cry? \n","I was not emotionally prepared for that.","Truly heartbreaking, my grandfather had Alzheimer. This story is so beautifully written I am speechless. ","Great ending, and story in general! ","Oh, now that turned sad at the end there. Why'd ya have to go and do that to my heart strings?","That was writing gold. A great mix of love, pain, and just enough humor. Great work.","Was not prepared for those feels. Damn alzheimers sucks. My grandma has ahlzeimers. It's so rough because my grandfather passed away in november. And she still thinks he's alive and looks for him. ","Damn ninjas cutting onions. Amazing response!","I love how you interpreted the superhero theme with being a cop. Ugh. I just want to curl in my bed aftrr reading this. Turn this into a screenplay!","I should probably talk to bu parents.","I just want you to know playing with my emotions like that is not okay. ","Damn that hit home. Memory loss is no joke. My granddad has been losing his and dosent know who I am anymore, forgets he is retired, dosent know that it's his own home he is in. I feel for him and my grandma. ","That last line hit me like a god damn semi-truck.","wow this was an absolutely awesome story! ","I could anticipate the ending, but man it hit me harder than expected.  Actual tears were shed. Shhhh. ","So good! Thank you for the read, man!","Glad you liked it! ","holy fuck, man\n\nholy fuck\n\n","That ending fucked me up. My mom has Alzheimer's and was given a few hours to live 3 days ago. I wouldn't wish this on my worst enemy.","That made me say wow out loud at the end. Beautiful. ","I really liked this as I've said, but it's killing me not to point out that no nursing home would ever allow a resident out for a walk unsupervised when dealing with dementia or alzheimer's patient.  Never ever would a nurse open the door to the outside for a person with this level of memory loss. At least I hope not. Nor would a resident ever have a gun. They would have to be some pretty sneaky folks to pull off having a gun. Other than that it was really well done!  I loved the whole thing from start to finish. And the end was amazing! ","I mean I agree with you an extent but there are plenty of possible answers:\n\nCould be quite a bit of detailed backstory to it... I'm thinking that  maybe when he arrived nobody realized he had these issues - and not to mention going by the sons reaction maybe this is the first time he's really seen it.\n\nThe fact he still has the gun mean this IS the first time he's done something like this. Going by the sons reasonably calm reaction at first makes me think he had no idea about this, so when his father claimed \"Its been several years\" he realizes only then that his fathers mind has collapsed almost entirely over the course of three days since he last saw him...\n\nWhich to me makes it even more impactful, it's not this 'slow, sad fall into loss', it's the initial impact, shock and horror that this person you love will never be the same again. Heck - maybe three days ago he saw it but was in denial.","duuuuuude","Amazing story, it reminded me of Stephen King's short story *Batman and Robin Have an Altercation*. Pop into a Barnes and Noble and check it out in Bazaar of Bad Dreams.","Damnit Kevin.","Holy shit that ending hit me right in the guts.\n\nStupid onions in my place made the eyes all wet. ","This is wonderful. Wasn't expecting the end, bravo","If I had the money for gold, you'd get it. My grandmother is living with Alzheimer's in a home. There's nothing harder than watching that gradual descent.","10/10. *Fuck*","The ending was fucking perfect, fury. The reveal played out amazingly, and seeing that the father has Alzheimers is a huge tearjerker. Bravo.","Thank you!!","/u/resonatingfury, why you gotta make an old guy cry? Ya neva call and you write the sad stories.","&gt; \"Keep the damn channel still, you're going to give me vertigo.\"\n&gt; \n&gt; He shushed her. \"Quiet, Doris. My son might be on TV again and I need to find him.\"\n\nDoes Doris just not care about their son either, or her husbands history? Does she not also have a back story? ","She lives in the home with him, but that's not his wife","Yep!","Doris is not the James's husband, nor Kevin's mother. She is another resident of the elderly home.  \nI'd assume Doris also suffers from some form of dementia, due to her mistaking James for an unknown Frank, possibly her husband. Either that or she's a bit blind and deaf and Frank is another resident of the home.","She's just a passing character! ","Okay, you made me cry a little. Nicely done, you jerk.","sorrynotsorry","Andrew adjusted the stocking over his face. It clung to his forehead with all the grace of a condom. Which was fitting, because he was feeling like a bit of a dick. \n\n\"Hold on, honey. Let me help you with that.\" Sylvia pulled the bunched up nylon down past her husband's lips. \"Now you look the part. Shall we go over the plan?\"\n\n\"Sure. Hey, are these the new nylons? They smell sour,\" complained Andrew, scratching at his disguise. \n\n\"Of course, dearest.\" To tell the truth, Sylvia hadn't treated herself to any new clothes for months, which is why she was just right then enjoying the silky rasp of a brand new pair of stockings whilst Andrew was breathing air filtered through the sweat stained fabric of her old ones. She sighed at the snug fit on her legs under that staid skirt she'd put on for the PLAN. Those gams had been the talk of the town back in the day. Twelve new year resolutions to get trim had fallen by the wayside. So many other things to do. \n\n\"OK. According to the Instagram account of our dear Mister Metropolis, junction of first and fourth is his patch. He does the evening to two am shift, and he's got a clean record there so far, so a purse snatching is something he's gotta respond to. I grab the bag and duck into the third alley on the right to search it. You join me in five.\"\n\n\"Just like old times, Andy. Give us a kiss before we go.\"\n\n---\n\nAndrew was wheezing as he upended the bag, scattering makeup, receipts and the other mysterious contents of Sylvia's purse onto the concrete. Thirty years and he still had no clue what she put in there. He glanced at his watch. Three minutes. Mister Metropolis was late. And that was the last thing he recalled before a shadow at his side unfolded itself and clocked him so hard across the chin that he was lifted several feet off the ground and smack into the brown brick of the alley. \n\nMister Metropolis stood over him, every inch the superhero. His trading card listed him with superhuman speed, strength and reflexes. The man was sculpted like a corn fed greek god, blond hair, blue eyes, chiselled chin. Muscles rippled under skin tight spandex in blue and gold, clinging to every inch of his body like it had been spray painted on. \n\n\"Jeff Pimble. You will stop right there and help your father up this instant.\"\n\nThe shriek occupied a very specific frequency in the reptilian hindbrain of sons everywhere and brooked no argument. Mister Metropolis, or Jeff, as it were, was already on his knees and picking Andrew up before his higher brain functions kicked in. \n\n\"Mom?\"\n\n\"Oh don't Mom me. You too good to call your parents once in awhile? Too good to come home for Christmas? What's with that hair? What's wrong with with brown?\"\n\nSylvia rattled on; she had the lung capacity of a synchronized swimmer once she had her blood up and, with her hands on her hips and her voice climbing up an octave, her blood was most definitely up. Jeff unfolded his bulk into the naughty dog slouch known to teenage boys everywhere, still trying to fathom how a routine crime bust was rapidly spiralling down into the fourth worst day of his life. For the record, two of the top three also involved his mother. One of them involved an unlocked bathroom door and, regrettably, a wrinkled and much stained Penthouse magazine. It would have been so bad if his mother didn't automatically list all his past sins in reverse chronological order whenever she got started on him, all the way back to the stitches she'd needed after childbirth. \n\nHis train of thought, already teetering on the verge of balance, was totally derailed when his mother gave an ear shattering shriek. \"What in the name of Joseph, Mary and all the saints are you wearing?\"\n\nJeff looked down at his spandex covered body, from his immense pecs (voted Mr Superhero Body Beautiful two years running!) to his superman sized codpiece (never be nutshot again!) and felt the heat rise from his neck to the tip of his ears. \n\n\"Go easy on the boy, Sylvia. How ya doin' son?\"\n\n\"Ummm, hi dad. Not bad I suppose. Are you alright? I hit you pretty hard.\"\n\n\"Nah, I'm good. Truth be told, I've been hit a lot harder back in the day. I'm a little rusty, but I still got it.\" Andrew mimed a classic boxers pose, giving Jeff a playful shot to the shoulder. Jeff grimaced, that tap hurt more than it should have. \"What your momma wants to know is why you don't call any more.\"\n\nSylvia had closed the distance between them and was tying her sweater around the waist of her son, censoring the offending member from any young innocents in the vicinity. \n\n\"I can't be seen around you folks, dad. You know how many enemies I have?\"\n\n\"Ah, I suppose that's why you got all your powers from those government labs instead of having them from when you were a wee lad?\"\n\n\"Have you been looking through my Facebook page, dad?\"\n\n\"Your ma does it. I'm not so good with computers.\"\n\n\"It's all about the ratings, nobody wants to believe someone who grew up on a farm can be a superhero,\" said the boy, still trying to push his mother away from his waist. \n\n\"So you couldn't at least pick up the phone, call your ma once in awhile?\"\n\n\"It's a tough world for heroes. What with all the interviews, sponsors and all that social media stuff, I'm lucky if I have time to fight crime at all.\"\n\n\"Here's the funny thing, son. Sounds to me that you're kinda ashamed of what you are. Or worried that your enemies will come after your folks.\" The older man got to his feet, brushed the dust off his clothes and took the arm of his wife. \"Sometimes you just gotta remember the important things. Like maybe how you got to be so strong in the first place.\" \n\nThe couple left then, leaving Mister Metropolis to stare, open mouth, at the network of cracked bricks his father had left in the wall. \n","wait so is the father super strong? If so, that is awesome.","I assumed after reading that and when the dad asked him about getting his super powers at a lab instead when he was a \"Wee lad\"","Scottish, can confirm, freakishly strong for looking like a pudgy slightly overweight guy","Yeah that part was a little clunky, but that's what I got out of it too. \n\n\nOP, otherwise great job! ","I'm not the only person who assumes \"Mister Metropolis\" is literally Superman, right? Even mentions living on a farm :)","I was thinking \"Mister Metropolis\" is the son of Superman, and Andrew/Sylvia would be a renamed Clark/Lois","‘Five hundred kilograms?!’ \n\n‘That… that’s right,’ Electro stared at his toes, and played with the strap on his eye mask.\n\n‘What’s wrong? This bust will be gigantic! We will be all over the news,’ Flame slapped his brother on the back, grinning, ‘we are going to be famous! No one will be talking about batman, they’ll be chatting about Flame and his kid brother Electro!’ \n\n‘Well… it’s just…well, it’s tea,’ Electro glanced up, blowing out his cheeks.\n\n‘They stole five hundred kilograms… of tea?’\n\n‘Yes, tea…’ \n\n‘Okay… well, to the um, super-mobile… I guess,’ Flame motioned with his hand to follow, letting his sentence drift as he pondered the motive behind such a tea heist.\n\n--\n\nThe truck swerved across the highway, barely keeping on the road as it skidded through the night. Electro followed closely, trying to keep up as Flame sat on the edge of his seat whispering, ‘go, go, go’.\n\nThe breaks screeched as the truck turned into an abandoned warehouse. Likely story, thought Flame as he unbuckled his seatbelt, ready to spring into action.\n\nElectro swung into the parking lot, parking carefully between the white lines. The masked assailants hobbled into the warehouse in front of them.\n\n‘Ah-ha! We got’em now Electro!’ Flame yelled as he charged through the open door. His hands igniting, flames bursting from his chest.\n\n--\n‘Could you pass the tea, dear?’ Joan chimed.\n\nElectro and Flame stood in the doorway, their mouths slightly ajar.\n\n‘Oh look Joan! The boys are here!’ Albert announced, adjusting his glasses.\n","The name electro distracted me too much. I kept thinking of [this](http://static9.comicvine.com/uploads/scale_small/0/8460/203992-30941-electro.jpg)","dat face","IMO 'adjusting his glasses' makes the story less powerful. It should end with the twist. Otherwise great.","I disagree. I think it adds to the jarring fact that they're just sitting there, calmly, whereas the brothers are excited and wanting action.","\"Honey, that's a lot of forks.\"\n\n\"Five hundred and fifty three boxes.\"\n\n\"A whole lot of forks.\"\n\n\"And, yet, the kids still aren't here.\"\n\nMabel stepped back from the wall of plastic forks that had been stashed in their garage. She looked around, \"Maybe if we start stealing spoons...\"\n\nRhett shrugged, \"I like sporks.\"\n\n\"Do they even sell sporks at the Piggly-Wiggly?\"\n\nRhett sighed as he made his way to the main house door. \"Maybe we are going about this all wrong. Maybe we should be hitting up the Walmart instead of the local chain places. They have security cameras everywhere. They are quicker with the cops.\"\n\nMabel followed Rhett into the house. They made their way to the kitchen, where newspaper clippings covered every inch of the walls, cabinets and fridge. Clippings of their superhero children performing acts of bravery. Stopping robberies. Fighting the criminal underground. Rescuing people from disasters. Uncovering murderers. The list seemed endless. They were always busy living up to their status as the world's greatest superheroes. Mabel and Rhett were so proud of them. Only it had been a long time since they had seen them in person. Six years, four months and eight days if you asked Rhett. The kids had even stopped returning their calls. The last sign of communication Rhett had received from them was a text that read, \"Still alive. Fighting aliens. Luv you.\" \n\nThat was two years ago. \n\nRhett and Mabel understood their kids had a life of their own but enough was enough. They were still family. And family keeps in touch with each other. The end of the world scenarios be damned. \n\nMabel was the one who came up with the idea of turning to a life of crime to get the kids' attention. \"Teenagers do it all the time. Turn to pretty crimes to get their parents' attention. Shrinks call it, \"cries for help.\" We can do something like that.\"\n\n\"What? Arson?\"\n\n\"No. No. Never. Nothing where people can get physically hurt. I am thinking more like vandalizing walls. Or prank calling.\"\n\n\"Can't do prank calling anymore. Everyone has caller IDs on their phones.\"\n\n\"You know what I mean. Simple things. Things that would raise red flags with the kids.\" Mabel's face lit up. \"Maybe if we are good at this, the kids could throw us an intervention.\"\n\nRhett mirrored her smile. \"Everyone come back at once?\"\n\n\"Yes. I can bake a cake. Maybe even have dinner.\"\n\n\"They aren't going to like this.\"\n\nMabel shrugged at she went to the closet to get her coat. \"If they don't like it then they should visit more often. How about we start with shoplifting? Is there anything we need?\"\n\nRhett grabbed his scarf, \"You can never have too many forks.\" \n\nThe two headed out the door to the car.\n\nThat was two weeks ago. Two weeks of stealing plastic forks and stashing them in their garage. \n\nRhett opened up the fridge and pulled out the milk. He poured himself a glass. \"What about Target instead of Walmart. Get it? *Target.* Or do you think that is a little too on the nose?\"\n\n\"No, we need it to be too on the nose. Honey, I love our kids. They are good kids but, frankly, I think it's time for us to realize that they are dense. We need to make a bigger splash. And I think you are on the right track.\"\n\n\"So, Target. Sporks?\"\n\n\"Walmart. Guns.\"\n\n\"*GUNS*?\" Rhett stared at his wife. He did not like the idea of that. \n\nMabel tried to wave away his displeasure with her hands. \"Or weapons. Or better yet, we buy the ingredients to build a bomb. A big one.\"\n\n\"I-I don't know about that. We could be getting a visit from the FBI if we do that.\"\n\n\"Honey, we know the kids work along side with the FBI. What do you think they will do if they see someone trying to buy the ingredients to bombs in our little town?\"\n\nRhett bit his lip. \"They would come to us to make sure we are safe.\"\n\n\"Exactly.\"\n\nRhett finished his milk. \"This is a ridiculous idea, Mabel. We could get in so much trouble if this blows up in our faces.\"\n\n\"If it blows up in our faces the kids will still come running to help us. Either way, we win.\"\n\nRhett closed his eyes and thought for a moment. \"Okay. Fire up the computer. Let's see what we need to get to make a bomb...\"\n\nedit:spelling","Please continue, this is really good","My favorite so far","Not an elderly couple, just a father. \n\nJohn awoke to the same buzzing noise he'd been hearing for the last 15 years, the buzzing and beeping of his daughters' landline.\n\n\"Oh great another early morning, wonder if I'll see them today before bed.\" Mumbled John as he got up and looked at the clock, 4:30 AM it read. \"Morning Karen.\" He says looking at the empty side of his bed and at the framed picture on the nightstand. It held the image of his late wife and mother to his daughters. \n\n\"Might as well get some work done today.\" As he puts on his black dress pants and white shirt, hearing his three daughters fly out of the house. \n\n\"Synthesizing test sample 030103.....\n..\n. Complete, traces of compound found, molecular structure unstable. Reproduced result: Negative.\" John's basement computer reads. \n\nIt had been 30 years since he had discovered a scientific fluke and bestowed super human abilities on his infant daughters accidentally. At first it was great, they could fly, were near invincible and had distinct personalities that both conflicted and strengthened their relationship. It was only after a year when their mother, Karen was abducted, they never got a ransom or heard anything besides that she was gone. \n\nThe daughters decided they did not want to leave it to the police and used their powers to search for her, stopping crime as they saw it. \n\nOver their search they stopped monsters, villains, robbers and helped the local police clean up their city. They drew attention and adoration from the city, the Mayor declared them the City's protectors and had a phone installed in their home and his office. It was to be used for emergencies. \n\n\"Pft, emergencies.\" Scoffs John as he remembers these events.\n\nOn the day he lost Karen he lost so much more, his daughters. They were out all day and most of the night from the day that phone was installed. Putting out fires and dealing with the ridiculous emergencies the Mayor seemed to find. \n\nBesides the occasional greeting he never interacted with his daughters anymore, they left before he got up and went to bed before he knew they were home. His attempts to communicate were met with anecdotes of their crime stoppage and how they couldn't give up searching for their mom. \n\n\"Synthesizing test sample 030104.....\n..\n. Complete, traces of compound found, molecular structure stable. Reproduced result: Positive.\" Beeped the computer. \n\n\"Holy shit, I did it, I made the compound again!\" Yelled John. \n\nHe donned his protective suit, a helmet and visor, lead-titanium plated chest piece and slip resistant combat boots; and entered the testing chamber. He took it at a run giddy that he had finally done it. \n\nBoom. \n\nThe compound exploded out of its dish and coated John, he had forgotten that it was pressurized inside and hadn't waited for it to drop before entering. \n\nIt was over, he lay on the ground. All his work had just been undone, his synth computer lay in wreckage around his basement. \n\nHe just wanted it gone, to be able to have his wife and daughters back to normal, but he wouldn't get that. \n\nHe opened his eyes and found himself floating in midair. \n\n\"I can fly?\" Gasped John. \n\nHis experiment had worked, but not in the way he wanted. He wanted a cure to Compound X, now he'd infected himself and miraculously had super human powers as well. \n\nThus PowerProf was born, using his super hero powers Professor, John, Father, decided to dedicate his life to finding his wife and reconnecting with his daughters. \n\n*Cue* Theme song. ","Hahaha it took me until that last paragraph. \n\nI like that description of what happened too. Awesome response :) ","It had been three weeks since Betty had last spoken to her son. Three weeks of pottering aimlessly around the house just trying to keep busy, whilst always hoping to hear the metallic jangle of the house phone. \n\nWhen it did finally ring her heart began to beat fast. She broke into a fast shuffle and almost stumbled down the stairs in her excitement. \n\n'Hello. You could be entitled to free phone cal-'\n\nAs she hung up the phone her heart sank down into her slippers. She walked up the stairs and entered Thomas's old room. She fished out an old costume she had knitted for him back when he was just getting started. It had a big golden albatross emblazoned on it. She huddled up to it and wept.\n\nWhen Betty awoke she was resolute. She *would* see her son. Betty went to her little work room and took to her knitting equipment. She began her work. It had been a while and her fingers weren't as nimble as they once were.\n\nThe next day she stared proudly infront of the full length mirror in the bathroom. The tan coloured cougar costume was fairly accurate. The paunch of her stomach stretched the latex more than she would have wanted, but the long sleek tail made up for it. Anyway, the costume wasn't important, not really.\n\nShe took out her deceased husbands old berretta, God bless his soul, and waited until evening. \n\nThe Bingo hall was full. She walked in and breathed deeply. After saying a little prayer she went ahead with her plan. She pulled out her weapon and shot it into the roof. They handed over the nights prize money easy enough. \n\nShe felt very bad about scaring all the people who were only out for a fun night. She saw two of her friends seated nearby, Martha and Lenny. She gave them a quick wave before realising what she was doing. Martha looked confused but waved back. Betty left as quickly as she could.\n\nShe made the morning paper. They called her the Crawling Cougar - she supposed it was on account of her leisurely speed.\n\nHer next heist went even better than the first. It was during the third Bingo hall heist that he finally turned up, but things hadn't gone to plan. \n\nThe Albatross had flown in heroically through the Bingo hall roof. Rubble and detritus rained down from the hole he had created and a large piece of concrete landed on Betty. \n\nAlbatross walked over and threw the rubbish off of her but it was too late; the damage was done. Her ribs had been crushed and a pool of blood gathered around her.\n\n'I - I only wanted to see *cough* you Thomas. I'm sorry for the trouble I caused.'\n\nThe Albatross gently peeled off her mask and began to sob.\n\n'Don't cry Thomas. I'm so glad I got to see you one last time.' \n\nHer head fell limply to the side and her eyes closed one. There was a tiny smile on her wrinkled face.\n","Nooo to dark. TOO DARK DAMMIT","Don't worry, she gets cpr and it's all ok!","CPR? That'd be like sticking your hands in a bowl of warm jello.","oh\n\nthank you ever so much for that visual i did not need","LIES","Damn, poor Betty :/ ","lol it goes from comic book realism to real realism, I like it.","Jesus. Came here to give support, because we all need it sometimes. But this is dark, damn. Gonna cry myself to sleep now. Good job, tho. Keep at it!","Thanks, appreciate it :)","I liked it","**\"And this just in, we have reports of an ongoing low speed chase in the suburban town of Stuartsville. Let's throw it live to Action 7 reporter Jill Haisley for more information. Jill?\"**\n\n\"Thanks, Scott. First reports started trickling in about a chase in progress almost twenty minutes ago, and we now have the Action 7 helicopter overhead to follow any developments. There's no official word out of the Stuartsville Police Department, whose patrol cars are currently following the suspect's vehicle at about 23 miles per hour down Constitution Avenue. A number of our Action 7 Citizen Reporters have tweeted us about what they saw, a few of which read:\n\n*Elderly couple in buick refusing to move from left lane, left blinker is on. @action7news*\n\n*Crowds gathering to watch chase on sidewalk. Old man driving w/2 hands on wheel, grandma throwing #werthersoriginal out window @action7news*\n\n*#CalgonIn60Seconds couple blasting Tony Bennett's Greatest Hits, telling police to \"skedaddle.\"*\n\nLike I said, Scott, still no official word from the local authorities, so we're unable to confirm any of the rumors that are flying around...\"\n\n---\n\"I made my pot roast, Charlie! You know how much they used to love my pot roast!\" \n\n\"I know, Edith, I know! You try to raise a kid right, and the second they buy a mask and an armor-plated suit, they don't have any time to come over and look at pictures from our trip to Key West!\" Charlie Adams, 82, struggled with the  manual window crank on Buick LeSabre. \n\nRetired receptionist Edith Adams, winner of the 1954 Ms. Lux Soap Flakes pageant in Bromfield County, threw another handful of Werther's Original out the window. She had six more bags after her trip to the supermarket this morning, having found a 25% off coupon in Wednesday's paper.\n\n---\nThe Masked Shadow, protector of the innocent, scourge of those who wish to do evil, and first trumpet for the 1982 Bromfield High School marching band, sighed as he turned off the TV. A life of anonymous crime fighting has its fill of regrets, he thought, but none larger than the time he promised his mother that he enjoyed her overcooked pot roasts.\n\n---\nJitterbug your way over to [r/highpothetically](https://www.reddit.com/r/highpothetically/) to read and subscribe to my other stories.","Some people collect stamps. Some people collect cards. Some people collect stones.\n\nDan collected headlines. He had been collecting headlines for years. In his younger years he had been a newspaper editor, and years before that, his dream was to write headlines. He wanted to shock the world. He wanted to make the dull seem extraordinary, and the interesting seem fantastic.\n\n###DUST BOWL STRENGTHENS\n\nHe flipped through his headlines while drinking his morning coffee. Blonde, no cream, no sugar. It tasted foul, and he liked it that way. His mind wandered down memory lane as he recalled the Depression, and how he finally had his first chance to write a story late in the 30's after he met Ilene. Ilene was the daughter of an editor, and they got engaged soon after Dan's writing career began. \n\n###AMERICA UNDER ATTACK\n\nIlene was pivotal in helping Dan write his first big stories, about the War. When the bombs struck Hawaii, when Dan was sure he would be drafted, and when Ilene got pregnant for the first time...Ilene had always been stronger than Dan. \n\nDan looked up at Ilene, across the table from him. She was smiling back at him, as she always did. Dan looked back down at the headlines.\n\n###AMERICA STORMS NORMANDY\n\nAs war was occurring, their first was born. He was James, named after the King, since he helped to keep his parents strong. After Japan surrendered, their second was born. Ilene was lucky to make it through that night; the doctors were sure either she or the baby would die. A surgeon was somehow able to keep them both alive, and the second baby was born. She was Joy, and she was all the joy that Ilene and Dan ever needed.\n\n###JOHNSON ESCALATES WAR\n\nBy the time the war in Vietnam was raging, Dan was an editor. James was a pilot in the airforce, and Joy was studying to become a surgeon. \n\nDan stared deep into the headline, recalling that Joy and James refused to talk to one another over their stances on the war. Their family had been so happy and so peaceful. He recalled Joy leaving a family reunion in tears, reminding James that her fiance had been shot by friendly fire during the war, even as James insisted that the war was for the betterment of the world.\n\nHer fiance died later that week. She never found love again.\n\n###OPERATION DESERT SHIELD\n\nAs yet another war raged on, Dan began to feel pressure from the media around him. He felt that newspapers were starting to be turned down in favor of nightly television news, or even live news, which he felt was impossible to compete with. \n\nJames was a commander of some sort, stationed far away. After the fiasco at the family reunion, he claimed that he would never find love in solidarity with Joy. Dan later learned that James was actually infertile, and when his girlfriend at the time found out, she had cheated on him and left him. \n\nJames had been gone for years, and Joy refused to talk to Dan and Ilene because she felt that they had betrayed her when her fiance was dying. James was out serving the country, a hero, and Joy was nearing the end of her own career as a surgeon. \n\nDan stopped reading the headlines. He looked at Ilene and told her \"I'm going for a walk.\" \n\nHe stepped into the cold wearing his slacks and a sweater. It had been a lonely twenty five years. Before then, it had been lonely as well. They never heard from James or Joy. Ilene had gotten crippled in her loneliness away from her children. She never forgave herself for Joy leaving. Every time Ilene had tried to call, Joy said she was too busy saving people. \n\nIlene began harming herself, hoping her super hero would come to save her. Dan only found out when he walked into their room and she was bleeding out, with previous scars along her arms. He recalled Ilene looking up at him and asking calmly if Joy was there to save her.\n\nJoy wasn't there, and the doctors weren't fast enough.\n\nJoy showed up the next week, with James. They stayed a week to help Dan get settled back in, and they decided to fly cross country, just the two of them, to reunite their friendship. It was the happiest Dan had been in a long time, knowing his son and daughter were finally friends again. He never heard from them again. \n\nIt had been twenty five years since Ilene passed. Twenty five years since he put her picture at her place at the kitchen table. Twenty five years since his last headline. Dan looked down at the river below, and felt sick to his stomach thinking about how deadly a fall from the bridge could be. He had done some reading, though, and he knew it would be painless.\n\nHe pulled himself over and looked down again. The house was clean, the will was written, and the only thing not put away were his headlines. \n\nDan took a deep breath and let himself fall.\n\nOn the kitchen table was his final headline.\n\n###Plane Crash in Appalachia; No Survivors","This by far has been the best read so far...SO dark and utterly intriguing. ","“Janice.” Her husband said her name but it was the way he said it that made Janice decidedly not look at him. “Janice can we please talk about this?” Arnold’s voice was getting more high pitched as he tried to change his stubborn wife’s mind. She was already half way to the car with two grocery bags gripped in her fists. Money seemed to be stuffed hap-hazardly into the faded bags, with some whipping out the top because of Janice’s brisk pace. \n\n“Get in the car Arnold, you can hide in there if you like…” The woman spoke harshly as she approached a beige mini-van. In honesty, the thing had seen better days, but that was not the point of the money, Janice and Arnold didn’t really want for anything, except the attention of their daughter. \n\n“What if she doesn’t show up like last time?” Arnold queried as he rounded the van to get into the passenger side. \n\n“Then we’ll just have to up our game,” Janice mumbled resolutely as she dropped the bags to her feet and waited. She didn’t seem to care as some of the bills had fluttered loose of their confines and fell at her feet. \n\nThe police sirens in the distance did nothing to weaken her resolute stance. She knew the call had gone out over the scanner, the place they had ‘robbed’ was owned by a friend. Janice had promised to return all the money plus a little for trouble once the deed was done. \n\nMore sirens joined the din of ones already blaring as Janice kept her eyes overhead. It was pale blue with a smattering of clouds and not much cover, she’d see her daughter before she was seen.\n\nThe sound of cars zooming down narrow alleys let Janice know the police would round on them soon, but she had to hope Vanessa would get to them first.\nMemories began to swirl in the calm of Janice’s mind. Memories of her daughter who’d long ago left her. Hair braiding, first kisses, Vanessa had confided it all in Janice, and now she wouldn’t even acknowledge a phone call or Facebook message. Janice clenched her fists at the thought of it all. These were the lengths she had to go to see her daughter.\n\nAs if on cue the sound of something flying overhead made Janice lower her gaze as her daughter, in all her power landed before her. A gust of wind, and Vanessa had two feet on the ground, and was staring puzzled at her mother.\n\n“Mom?” Vanessa looked a sight, she’d made some changes to her costume since they’d last seen each other, all black and midnight purple. It seemed to be made of some hardened material that hugged her daughter’s figure. A small mask hid the space around her light brown eyes that were now widened in surprise.\n\n“Well, I hope you’re happy…do you see what happens when you don’t bother to call or visit? I have to resort to…drastic measures.” Janice replied, her arms now crossed over her chest. She wasn’t so old that this had no effect, especially on her daughter who raised an eyebrow by the movement of her mask.\n\nA disbelieving scoff came from Vanessa’s lips as she adopted the stance her mother was in, no thought to the cops who were getting closer. “Are you…are you kidding me?” she asked as she took a step towards her mother. If Janice hadn’t raised her, she would have been intimidating.\n\n“Well,” Janice drew, letting the word roll on for a few syllables longer than it needed, “I know we’ve had our differences…”\n\n“Differences?” Vanessa burst in now only a foot from her mother, and towering over her by a few inches, “You kicked me out of the house the first time you found me levitating things in my room…oh wait, that was after you tried to convince our parish priest I was possessed!”  Janice recoiled at her daughter’s angry words, her back to the beige van now. \n\n“I was…trying to help you…” Janice tried to reason, “It was for your own good!” \n\n“I tried to tell you over and over that I DIDN’T and DON’T need help,” Vanessa shook her head, trying to not let it fall into her leather gloved hands. “I am the help, Mom…” She added in a softer, sadder tone. \nThe sound of rubber on pavement signaled the arrival of the cops, and Vanessa sighed.\n\n“Believe it or not, I help those who need it, and you two, hi Dad,” Vanessa looked around her stubborn mother and waved to her timid father in the car, “Clearly need a different kind of help…Give uncle Jimmy back his money, and stop it with this stupid crap.” \n\n“I won’t stop until you come home, Jason and Darren both still ask about you, you could go back to school. Lead a NORMAL life.” Janice pushed and moved towards her daughter as if to embrace her. She was rebuffed harshly as Vanessa stepped back. \n\n“Mom, this is who I am. I’m not normal, and no amount of your amateur heist….bullshit is going to change that.”\n\nThe first squad car was parked and two men were stepping out, it was hard to miss Vanessa standing there “Valkyrie…a pleasure as always. Did the job for us again?” A round man in a police uniform asked as he stepped up to the talking pair. \n\n“As always Officer Claire, “ Vanessa put on her best smile, “I caught her trying to escape after robbing Jimmy’s BBQ House, all the money should be here.” \nJanice was holding her breath for Vanessa to come to her senses. \n\n“This woman was the sole perp, but she gave up easy…maybe a night in jail to set her straight?” Vanessa wasn’t looking at her mother anymore, or she would have seen the look of pure horror on her face. Officer Claire seemed to question Vanessa’s judgement for a moment before nodding and moving to handcuff a shocked Janice.\n\nVanessa turned and shook her head, “It’s for your own good.” \n","I love this! Go Valkyrie! ","\"Seriously, I'm trying to run for Senator of New York state. Do you know how much this can harm me?\n\nYes I know my brother tried to kill himself, don't try to change the subject.\n\nAttention?  Stop thinking about yourself.  This is the chance to serve my entire state rather than individual people.  You always criticized me for that.  Are you happy now?\n\nWell thank you.  I appreciate that.  And just to let you know, I convinced the owners not to press charges or file a police report.  This is not justice, but love.\n\nDon't be that way, we both know the next couple of months are going to be difficult.  Doesn't mean I love you.\n\nI'll try to keep in touch better.\"","Nathan always seemed like a dick to me.","I always thought Heroes was an interesting take on superheroes.  I can fly, big deal, I'm running for Senator.","I really enjoyed it at first, but the carnival season was so odd, and not in a good way. Still haven't seen the revival yet.","Season 1 is the only good one for me.","####A/N: My first WP. Constructive criticism and feedback is much appreciated. Thanks guys.\n\n\nMurph stared glassy-eyed at the phone, waiting. How long had it been? An hour? Two? He didn't know. A throbbing, dull ache in the side of his neck told him it was time for his pills. These days, getting up was an effort; he braced his hands against the armrest and heaved himself off the chair, staggering into the bathroom. \n\nThe only time he'd every get a bit of life back was when Jude called. Which was, now, never. The endless cycle had taken its toll on him. The spirited, rugged man who could hike five miles and still laugh around at a campfire with his daughter and her friends, grab a beer with their fathers was gone. In his place, there stood a wizened, stooped, wrinkled man with nary a hair on top of his head. \n\n\"Dammit, Jude. Where are you!\" he growled, with surprising intensity. \n\nHe'd had enough. He needed to clear his head. \n\nIt took him ten minutes to get everything and make his way to the door. Inhaler, check. Pills, check. Blue-glowy-thingy, check (he'd always have that one, Jude gave it to him in case of an emergency.)\n\nThe cold winter night pierced his lungs, as cold as that bitch Jenny, his ex-wife. He huddled closer and started down the near-abandoned street. Nearly everything was closed, it was creeping up to midnight after all. But this was the smack middle of the 401 freeway; there was bound to be some 24/7 open. \n\nHe neared a bright convenience store after about half an hour, the sign hung crooked and amid the stains, dirt and grime of nearly fifteen years on the window, it read \"OPEN\". He pushed his way in, covertly checking for signs of a camera or watchmen. The lone cashier was sprawled in his chair, snoring the night away, with a half-empty beer and a old laptop with muted TV-show-thing that started with N, running in the background. He never could get that name right. \n\nThe sneaking around, creeping in the cold, subterfuges in the middle of the night.... They all brought back memories of childhood, of simpler times. Times when the thrill of the chase was everything. That same thrill, despite being a mere shadow of what it was, rushed back to him in an instant.\n\nHe savored it. \n\nHe walked in with a steady foot-after-foot, trying to make as little noise as possible. Reaching the end of the aisle, he glanced around one last time, making sure that there was no one in sight. \n\nIt was like a he was in a trance; he started shoving entire racks worth of items and merchandise into the white garbage bag he had brought. Cans of soup, toothbrushs, condoms, pens, everything he could grab. \n\nHe hurried out as quickly as he could, trying to maneuver the heavy bag with his weak arms. \n\n*BANG*\n\nThe bag was flung in the air, an expletive filled the air and the drunk cashier jerked awake. The most jarring was the uniformed sherrif he had just bumped into.\n\n\"What in the name of-\" a rough voice uttered. \n\n***************************\n\nThe handcuffs were a blur, he couldn't remember what happened after bumping into the sherrif and being bundled into his car. He couldn't remember the ride to the station. But the worst of all, he couldn't remember why he decided to do it.\n\n*******************************\n\nAs a child, he would often get caught shoplifting, it never amounted to anything serious, just a stern reprimand and an occasional call to the father. I always hung my head, looked at my shoes and promised not to do it again. Except when my father came. I'd raise my head and look him straight in the eye, not saying a word. \n\nIt was the only time he acknowledged me. \n\n**************************************\n\nI sat on the lumpy cot, staring at the bars in front of me. \n\n*Why*\n\nThe question stil rebounded in my head.\n\nI closed my eyes, lost in memory lane.\n\nSuddenly the bed shifted, as if another person was sitting next to me the whole time. A faint scent of jasmine lingered in the air; her favorite perfume.\n\nJude. Finally.\n\nWithout opening my eyes, I whispered my voice broke, \"Why didn't you call, Judy. You promised you'd call.\" \n\nIn my mind, I saw my father. When they opened, I saw Jude. \n\nI started to sob.\n\n*************\n\nJoe sat in the mental healthcare center's criminal ward, annoyed and frowing at the stack of papers in front of him. Paperwork again. That 'old man who robbed a store' case was taking up too much time; he was getting late. He remembered receiving the case, handed to him by his supervisor. He had talked to the SW handling the case, she was particularly passionate about the man. It seemed that she'd done everything for him, cooked his meals, cleaned his place and taken care of him.  \n\nAt least that social worker was hot, he visualized her soft curves, great smile in his head, an appreciative grin of his own fighting its way onto his face. He had her number too. \n\n*Why not?* \n\nHe pulled out his phone, searcing for the contact. Jude was it? ","Marie never used to know how many times a phone rings until it goes to voicemail. Never in her life had it ever become relevant. Nights staying up with her friends in with her old dial phone, calling Andrew Marks, star of the wrestling team, or any other cute boy the other girls could posit to each other through high-pitched giggles.\n\n\"You've reached Tomas Edwards. I would say all that stuff, but you already know all that stuff bye.\" \n\n*beep*\n\nThe Elfin wood princess of the Lord of the Rings said in her soothing river voice the most irritable command her 82 year old ears had heard, and regrettably, would continue hearing every time she made the hopeless attempt to contact her grandson. \n\n*At the tone, please record you message. After you are done recording your message, press 1.*\n\nThe image of Elfin princess tragically tumbling off a tree branch, her soothing voice breaking into pathetic screams. \n\nShe rubbed her forehead, her dyed-blonde curls bouncing with her hand as she moved the skin back and forth, trying to relieve the tension. \n\nTomas had told her the superhero business was going to be time consuming, and she had accepted that, willingly. All the social stigma that the idea proposed flooded her mind with scenes of Bridge parties where the topic of conversation drifted to the valiant and altruistic acts of courage Captain Tomas had performed that day. And then she would pipe up, between bites of cheese cubes that that was her grandson, and she could remember the days when he would run through her house acting as if his action figures were flying. And everyone would laugh heartily with the memories of their own grandchildren laughing with the glee of innocence; and ignorance. The laughter would slowly fade as the silence crept in because of the daunting realization that their grandchildren were no longer in the ignorant youth of childhood, but now new about the evils of the world. They no longer giggled with meaningless glee as grandma tickled them under the armpit. They no longer cried at meaningless tragedies such as pricking their pinky finger on the car seat. No, they cried to real woes. The woes of lost love, broken friendships, losing their careers. And these woes are kept hidden from their grandparents, as we toil away our days with meaningless cheese parties, trying to forget the days of meaning. \n\nIt seems the natural way of life. The rigid structure of society shoves her into her place roughly, strapping her down with cold chains that cut into her breast and leave red marks for weeks after, reminding her who had the power; and who was powerless. \n\nIf this is society's law, only breaking society's law can break the sorrow that comes  with. If her grandson would not head his own family because of his duty, she will make his family his duty. She will break the law. \n\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\n\"Mike,\" called Marie, summoning her cityboy spouse to plan the mission, \"if you were to commit a crime, what would it be?\"\n\n\"Well,\" Mike replied in his gruff construction worker voice, \"I suppose I would have to kill a lad. There's plenty of people that need a good killing I suppose.\"\n\nMarie scoffed. The idea seemed silly at first, yet acceptance emerged slowly from an unknown recess of her mind. A cave, somewhere buried in the wastelands of discarded emotions, hopes, and desires emerged an awaken dragon. Quickly flooding her mind with the fire of vengeance and redemption. If she ever needed anything before she died, it was this. \n\nMike went out into the shed to grab the rifles he had had since childhood. The wood was dusty against her wrinkled hands as they climbed into their Subaru, and headed out into the city. Mike had used these to shoot squirrels with his buddies since junior high he had said, must've been twenty or so years since it had been fired. \n\nThis was when reality hit her. Slapped her across the scalp so hard you are knocked against the wall. When you finally come too, you stand up slowly with a painful wince on your face and a hand on your head, squinting your eyes so hard that at first you can't see the person that hit you. But then, all of the sudden, your vision expands and you see the entirety of reality in lucid clarity as you gaze at wonder at the marvels of the world. \n\nMarie felt all of this and more as she gazed out the car window, the suburbs passing by. In any ordinary person this would have jolted them back to common sense, but this only redoubled her determination. Her mission was no longer blind will, it was reasoned duty. \n\n\"There she is,\" Marie spat out like iron machinery grinding a piece of scrap metal into a flat disk, \"there's the buggar that cheats in all of our Bridge games.\"\n\nThe soon-to-be-victim was walking briskly with a bright smile on her face, her arms swinging widely with each step, just as the article on the internet she had read about how to be an Assertive Female had said to do to emit confidence to observers. Her cute pink sweater was draped over her neck and was slowly sliding off to the right with the purposeful stride she was taking. \n\n\"Hello Dolores,\" Marie spake, her tone rivaling that of a mentally disturbed lemur just arrived home from Auschwitz.\n\nDolores paused in her stride. The greeting wasn't the plastic cheeriness of the hollow-skulled dimwits that she spent all her afternoons with so that her surprisingly clever and philosophical mind kept distracted and wasn't able to create the depressing emotions that it created due to the death of her husband the month before. Of whom, she had still not worked up the courage to call the police, or alert anyone of his condition, as each passing day made the task more and more daunting. How would she explain waiting so long to call?\n\nShe swiveled round in her tight shoes that cramped her toes up so badly that her doctor is recommending surgery to correct the bone straightness. This is idly refused due to her duty to maintain the persona. \n\nHer plastic smile was met with a led bullet and she dropped to the pavement. The blood blending in with her pink sweater. \n\nBefore Marie was able to lower her gun from the frightening scene, there was a rush of air as Tomas flew into the scene.\n\n\"Drop your weapon or be vaporized.\" he demanded in a commanding voice that he had carefully developed in ROTC. \n\n\"Oh Tomas, its you grandmother. Oh baby! how tall you are.\" Marie screeched with glee. \n\n\"3--\"\n\n\"Why? don't you recognize me Tomas? Its your--\"\n\n\"2\"\n\n\"-- grandmother. Come down here--\"\n\n\"1\"\n\nAnd with that the a flash of deep purple erupted from Tomas's fingers. Transforming the Subaru into a blackened smudge of charcoal. \n\n\"Damn batsh!t crazy old people.\" Tomas muttered, shaking his head in disgust. \n\n","\"This is suicide he'll kill us easily. You've seen the news, he shows no mercy\" \n\n\"Doesn't matter. Death is worth seeing our son again. We were the ones who ridiculed and rejected him when he left his ambitions as a business man in order to pursue heroing. Death is a price worth paying if it means we can see Saitama again\" ","The office building lay cold and empty on a Monday morning. The siren blared, with a pretty but cold voice telling everybody to evacuate. The building was empty except for a single occupant on the forty-sixth floor. She was humming a pop song of the eighties, while pouring soup out of a thermos flask. That was when the concrete wall came to life, crumbling to bits to let in the daylight. \n\n“Fear not, Mighty Kong is here!”\n\n“About time, too.” The granny’s response was surprisingly calm as she held up a hand to shield her eyes from the light. \n\nKong’s eyes took a second to adjust to the darker interior of the building. He heaved a mighty sigh. “Mum! Not again.” \n\n“I made soup, why don’t you come down and have some?”\n\n“But I’m busy.” Kong’s voice has always been infamously booming. But in that moment, he was mumbling. Slowly, he hovered closer and closer towards the elderly criminal. \n\n“I know you are, so I bought you some time. I picked four pockets – well, two of them caught me and gave me some change instead. I stole from the convenience store but the guy was like, nodding really violently to the noise in his earphones so he didn’t notice me at all. And here we are, a bomb hoax in the prime office building in the center of the city. Plenty to keep you occupied.”\n\n“That’s not how it works Mum…” the hero began.\n\n“Just hear yourself. Your throat sounds parched. C’mon, drink up before you say anything else.”\n\nKong let his toes slowly drop to the floor, and then his heels. A steaming bowl of soup was filled to the brim and set on the table, beside a thermos flask. Beside them were several wallets and some unopened packs of condoms. His mother was positively glowing with pride as she beamed at him. But her voice was dismissive. \n\n“Still having fun playing this hero thing eh?”\n\n“It’s not much fun at all. The hours are irregular, I am on standby all the time. I get all sweaty and just yesterday, the kid I saved made a comment about the smell. I don’t even have time to buy deordorant.” He sighed. “It’s work, Mum. I’ve got to protect the city.”\n\n“Right now, you’re protecting it from me. I’ll steal a few bottles of deordorant from the store next time. Here you go, drink up.” She held out the bowl of soup, which he finally took. \n\n“Please don’t steal anything anymore, Mum. I don’t enjoy turning you in.”\n\n“Well, if only I could **buy** it for you,” her voice escalated in pitch and loudness, and then she swallowed the emotion, “and have you show up.”\n\n“There, I’ve finished the soup.” He set down the bowl. “Please return those things Mum.” \n\nHis heels bounced off the ground ever so slightly. “I’ll be back for the weekend, if things aren’t so busy. I promise.”\n\nAnd then he zoomed into the distance until he became a speck in the blinding sunlight. \n\n“So all I’ve got to do is protect the city for the weekend, eh?” The granny muttered to herself as she went about keeping her things. \n\n---\n\n2nd drafts eventually go [here](https://fivenswrite.wordpress.com).","Shadow Man Wrapped the Darkness on the rooftop around the mans arms and neck. Not tight enough to actually hurt him but enough so that he would feel it. On the ground was a duffle bag that had been stuffed with cash but had now spilled everywhere \"I want you to remember what happened here today...\"\n\n\n\"Save it Tom Its me.\"\n\n\nHe paused for a moment then dragged the darkness away from the mans face to see him better. \"Dad? What are you doing here?\" He asked as he set him down.\n\n\n\"Well since you never call anymore I thought this was the best way to get your attention.\"\n\n\n\"Dad, I've been a little busy. How did you even know It was me?\"\n\n\n\"Oh please, I remember that phase you went through in high school. That costume looks pretty familiar.\"\n\n\nTom looked down at himself in mild embarrassment. \"Dad you could have just called me.\"\n\n\n\"You never answer.\"\n\n\n\"And now you know why! You call at the most inconvenient times. In case you didn't notice some serious shit has started happening over the last few months.\"\n\n\n\"Language Tommy.\" a woman's voice said behind him. She had a ski mask on, a black turtle neck, and a similar bag to the one his father had.\n\n\n\"Mom? are you Fucking Serious right now?\"\n\n\n\"Language Tommy, you'll never find a nice girl with that mouth.\"\n\n\nHe briefly thought about telling them that he had been seeing someone but then decided against it. \"Guys, You didn't have to do this.\"\n\n\n\"You haven't been at thanksgiving in two years.\"\n\n\n\"Last year Lightning rod tried to build a death ray and the year before I had to work overtime.\"\n\n\n\"You haven't been at Christmas in five.\"\n\n\n\"Okay for one thing a portal to hell opened last year and for another you always invite Aunt Susan and you know she never shuts up about her son making partner and incidentally his firm works for the Russian Mafia but I just have to keep civil.\"\n\n\"You could at least call us once in a while.\"\n\n\n\"I'm a super hero for fucks sake I don't.... Never mind.\" He said as his phone buzzed. He pulled it out and looked at it for a moment \" Look there's a real bank robbery and the rest of the trio is busy. Mom, Dad, you are going to take those costumes off and bring that money back. I'll try and call more often okay?\" He jumped off the roof and vanished into a shadow on the wall.\n\n\n\"Will you be there for Easter Dinner?\" His mother called out to him as he zoomed into the distance.\n \n*****\n\n\nTom Walked into the high tech fortress where the trio met. Captain Amazing was slumped backwards in a chair and Lady Calamity was drinking coffee. Calamity noticed him walk in first. \"Tom are you okay? You look Terrible.\"\n\n\n\"Thanks Shay. My parents robbed a convenience store to get my attention.\"\n\n\n\"Oh. I'm sorry. That sucks. Why did they do that?\"\n\n\n\"I haven't called or been over in a while and they wanted me too, so they decided robbing a place was a good idea.\"\n\n\n\"My Parents are dead.\" Captain Amazing said after waking up with a start.\n\n\n\"Yes Wesley. We know.\" Tom said after a minute. \"What about you Shay, do you keep in contact with your parents?\"\n\n\n\"My Parent's won't talk to me.\"\n\n\n\"Cause of the superhero thing?\"\n\n\n\"No cause of the Lesbian thing.\"\n\n\n\"Oh.\" Tom said, then went silent. \"I guess I'll give them a call.\"","“Look at us Robbie! Like back when we were in high-school!” The elderly woman said as she pointed the gun at the cashier.\n\n“Oooh! I’ll take the mints hun, you grab the shampoo.” Said the elderly man to his wife as he went over to grab the mints.\n\nAs soon as the older woman walked to grab the shampoo a sudden flash appeared into the room. She had short blonde hair and a round face, accentuated by bright red lips. Her outfit was a bright white cloth that hug her body a little too much for her parent’s taste, with a black belt that seemed to show off her backside and a symbol directing the stares to her chest. The cashier ducked behind the table as the two elderly criminals walked over and gave the superhero a tight hug. The woman sighed and almost began to run before there arms overtook her.\n\n“Why don’t you ever call anymore Sue?” Said the old woman.\n\n“Sue? Whose Sue? I’m Metro Girl! Fastest woman alive! Seriously mom…” The young superhero said attempting to make her voice sound deeper before giving up at the end.\n\n“Susan. We’ve robbed five stores and two banks! Cops are all over us. How did it take you this long to catch us?” Asked Robbie angrily, “Is Metroman getting in your way? I swear to god when I find that b-“\n\n“No. You just haven’t bothered to wear masks in any of your robberies and I don’t want to have to arrest my parents.” Said Metrogirl as a customer walked into the store. “Plus your crimes are like super minor.”\n\n“**We robbed a bank!**” The couple said united in anger.\n\n“You held the place up to steal the pens guys.” Metrogirl said exacerbated as the clerk began checking out a customer. “Oh come here guys. You don’t have a bad bone in your bodies… Dad you were the person who inspired me to become a superhero.”\n\n“Honey! I love you to.” Said Robbie uncomfortably hoping that Metrogirl wouldn’t google ‘Robbie Rendoza’ or the ‘Nazi Moon Heist.’\n\nAs the three walked out Metrogirl stared at them both and said, “Unfortunately that’s all still armed robberies. I will have to take you to jail.”\n\n“Oh no worries about that honey!” Said the old man as he scooped up his wife and whistled summoning a supersuit that allowed him to fly away.\n","You would be surprised at what one can accomplish with nothing but time on ones hands alongside the collective push of the skills and meager paychecks of a group of retirees. \n\nThose days during the war spent at the factory, chemistry, metal shop, wood working classes in high-school, a doctorate in Engineering from the local University all counted for something useful. The pooled ingenuity of the parents of this generations super heroes should not be taken lightly even if we may be frail in our physique and our knowledge slightly out dated. What worked back in the day still works now. \n\nTook a month to build the gyroscopic stabilizers, another six for the superstructure around them and four more to properly fuse the armor plating without drawing in too much attention to our power consumption. Not to even mention the time it took to get the supplies together. Though I'm sure the local junkyard owners may have become suspicious due to the influx of elderly looking for materials and incessantly haggling for ever lower prices.\n\nA mechanical monstrosity made completely hacker proof by its hand made vacuum tubes and old analog technology. The last time one of these walked on this earth was nearly fifty years ago. Now, with some modern upgrades to the power-source and weaponry the kids wont know what hit them. Replacing the gun turrets with sound cannons should work wonderfully. Those should put the local kids wee car speakers to shame. Maybe even teach them a lesson on how to properly make senseless noise disturbances. \n\nNone of it lethal of course, fully automated and just menacing enough to scare the locals away and the Justice Friends in to action. The target was to be the local city hall. Where several of us would be conveniently having coffee across the street and needing rescue. \n\nWe cant get them to call, write a letter, nor come visit of their own volition, but we will be damned if we cant make them come to see us even if only for a second. If nothing else, at least we killed some time with the group project.\n\nFor the next attempt we are split between building a flying saucer to fake our own abduction, or maybe faking an alien invasion. Aiming a disintegration beam at City Hall and evaporating its roof should serve the politicians right for de-funding the senior center in town. \n\n\n\n","An old couple was very sad,\n\nTheir superhero kids wouldn't call,\nSo they took to the mall,\n\nStole a Star Wars toy sith,\n\nBut their kids have better things to deal with.","We didn’t start out at thieves, you understand. Not in the slightest. Well, Dave admitted recently that his petty crimes did begin a little earlier than my own, but nothing stolen was ever more valuable than a pack of gum, and he called his life of crime by his seventh birthday. \n\nI, on the other hand, didn’t commit my first robbery until the age of 72. I spent weeks sewing the perfect all-black outfits that wouldn’t get too uncomfortable for us to wear, and I even used a lint roller on the ski masks after the cats snuggled up with them, leaving white hairs all over our disguise. Clad in the right gear, armed with Dave’s old pop gun spray-painted black, we held up the gas station a mere mile from home. \n\nThe proceeds were slimmer than we expected: a grand total of $114. Nonetheless, every penny went straight into the collection plate at church the following Sunday. We may be criminals, but we would never profit from these crimes. That would make us monsters!\n\nInstead, consider this our old-age cry for attention. We tried guilting our kids into visiting more, calling incessantly until they answered the phone and made an obligatory visit. We tried visiting them ourselves, but their hours were long and we always felt like an inconvenience. Plus, at our age, long trips just aren’t as easy as they once were. Now, we’re bringing them to us. Every crime we commit gets a little more attention, and any day now we expect them to fly in and see us. \n\nYou see, our kids have some unusual professions. Personally, I had high hopes that the pair of them would become doctors. What mother wouldn’t love a pair of handsome doctor sons? Instead, they went a different route: Superhero brothers. They always did love the attention, if we’re being honest about it. \n\nDo I regret making them little red capes when they were younger, or laughing at their adorable little underpants worn over blue jeans? Perhaps. I wasn’t to know the creative costumes would inspire their careers, but there you have it. \n\nI’m proud they are saving the world, and I know Dave is too. Can you imagine being the parents of those criminals they catch instead? Now, that would be truly horrifying. So I’m  glad they get to be heroes, putting away the bad guys and saving damsels in distress and all that. Would it kill them to visit every once in a while, though? Or do we have to kill, just to get them to visit?","The red-faced woman walked into the Super Fast Emporium with a cigarette hanging precariously from her lip like a magic trick. Ranjit could smell the booze on her from behind the counter; better yet, he could probably name the brand. Years working nights at his parents' store had made him something of an expert, like a sommelier of shitty beer. *Aromas of mud, urine, and crushed menthol cigarette butts lift this evening's Schlitz drunk to the height of her lowest point.*\n\nThough her gait was unsteady, her route to the beer fridge was dead-straight. Predictably, she opened both of the doors and stood in front of them, swaying as if in some trancendental state before an altar of low-cost suds. Rajit considered asking her to hurry, but his desire to avoid interaction for as long as possible outweighed his concerns for the electric bill.\n\nFinally the woman chose, and slowly made hre way to the register, a twelver hanging at her side like old luggage. She hoisted it up to the counter with a foul wheeze and asked for a pack of smokes to boot. Up close now, Rajit noticed the bulbous alky nose, the bloodshot eyes, the 30-year-old bleach blonde hairdo...this lady was serious business. The kind of person for whom sobriety was as vague and fleeting as a remembered nightmare. \n\nHis misgivings about selling alcohol to a drunk person quickly went away; he was dealing with a professional here.\n\nAs he watched her paw at her yellow swimming trunks in search of her wallet, however, he had second thoughts. How did she even get here? Did she *drive?*\n\n\"Ma'am, are you sure you need this?\" he asked. \n\n\"Huh? What? Oh don't you fuckin start with me, bin Laden. Just...hold on, where's my fuckin shit?\" \n\n\"I don't mean to be rude. It's just...I can see you're already drunk, and--\" \n\n\"*Here!*\" she said, slamming her wallet down on the counter. Then, realizing that this isn't how commerce works, she snatched it back and began thumbing through it. Eventually, she came up with enough to cover it, and flung a pair of twenties at him. The bills took wing and pulled evasive maneuvers, looping back and landing at her feet. As she bent over to pick them up, she cracked her head square on the counter. The drunk woman straighened up like a bolt, eyes wide and searching. Rajit reached across and grabbed her by the shoulders.\n\n\"Christ, woman, are you alright?\" \n\n\"You attacked me!\"\n\nHe let go. \"That's it. Get out. You're a danger to the both of us.\"\n\nThe audacious drunk took offense to that. \"Yeah? Allah tell you that?\" she said, carefully retrieving her fallen notes from the floor. Then she made a high-pitched *looloolool* sound for reasons only she would ever know. \n\n\"I'm Indian, dumbass,\" he said as she left. \"Actually, I'm American. I've never even *been* to India, so why don't you--fuck it, she's gone... And so are the cigarettes! Son of a *bitch!*\"\n\nRajit sighed deeply, and wondered how many other convenience store clerks were sighing at that very moment. Probably millions, he figured. \n\nThe door chimed while he returned the beer to the cooler, but he didn't see the customer until he had returned himself to the register: An old woman in a dark tracksuit pushing an even older man, wearing a matching tracksuit, in a wheelchair. They both held eye contact with Rajit as she slowly wheeled him closer, every few feet his shaky, spotted hand puling a snack from a shelf and tucking it into his jacket. By the time they reached the counter, he had stolen enough sugary food to put the both of them into a coma. \n\n\"What the fuck are you doing?\" Rajit said. It wasn't rhetorical; he genuinely had no clue what was happening. \n\nThe old woman stepped out from behind the wheelchair. \"Come here, kid.\"\n\n\"Why?\" \n\n\"Just do it.\"\n\nRajit leaned over and the woman took his face between her thumb and forefinger. Her bony fingers felt like steel digging into his cheek. \"No,\" he shrieked. \"No, don't!\" \n\nBut it was too late. Her movement was smooth in a way that belied her age--she raised her free thumb and ran it down the length of her tongue in one swift motion. Then, before he knew it, she ground the slimy digit into his chin, again and again. \n\n\"Here, you got some shmutz.\"\n\nThe deed done, Rajit pulled away and wiped the spit off with his shirt. \"God! Gross! Now what the hell is going on? Put the food back before I call the cops.\" \n\n\"The cops,\" the old woman said. \"won't be enough to handle us.\"\n\n\"I'm pretty sure the cops can handle a couple of geriatric Cheeto thieves.\" \n\n\"You must not know who you're talking to, son,\" said the old man. \n\n\"We're the infamous *Connie and Clyde!*\" announced the old woman. \n\nRajit said, \"Isn't it supposed to be *Bonnie* and Clyde?\"\n\n\"I told you it was a stupid idea, Carol.\"\n\n\"BONNIE IS A WHORE'S NAME, STAN!\"\n\n\"My *mother's* name was Bonnie,\" whined the old man. \n\n\"I rest my case.\" \n\n\"Did that drunk lady shoot me? Is this Qwiki-Mart Hell?\" Ranjit slapped himself across the face. \"Wake up, Ranjit! These crusty white folks aren't real, it's just a dream! Wake up!\"\n\nThe old woman smiled a menacing, Polident smile. \"It's not a dream, kid. We're here to clean you out. Your only hope...I said your only hope...STAN!\"\n\nThe old man startled. \"Huh? Oh, oh, right. '...is to call The Guardian of Good!\"\n\n\"Um, I'm pretty sure I don't need a superhero to stop you two.\"\n\nThe woman reached across the counter. \"Wait, I see more. Right there. No, *there*. Just come here, let me get it.\"\n\n\"Okay, alright, I'm calling him! It'll be fun to watch him pound you two geezers anyway.\" \n\nRajit reached under the counter and pressed the Guardian's call button (every convenience store has one) and within moments, a blur of green came flying thorugh the door. Fists on his hips, the hero in green tights puffed out his chest and said: \"Did someone call...THE GUARDIAN OF GO--Oh for fuck's sake. Ma? Dad? *This again?*\"\n\n\"My baby!\" the old woman squealed as she shuffled to him. The old man tried to turn in his chair to no avail. \"Eh, is that him?\" he asked Ranjit, who was too stunned by the developments to reply. \n\n\"Ma, what did I tell you? 'No petty larceny to get my attention.' I'm too busy for this!\"\n\n\"Too busy for your mother?\" she said, whacking him on the shoulder. She then turned to Ranjit, who hadn't had the chance to pick his jaw up from the counter. \"You see how he talks to me? You see how he *treats* me?\" \n\nThe Guardian of Good slouched, as if all the energy had been sapped out of him. \"Ma, I'm supposed to take you to jail. Jail, ma. Understand? That's the position you put me in!!\" \n\n\"Don't talk to your mother like that!\" barked Stan, still turned the wrong way in his chair.\n\n\"Yeah, don't talk to your mother like that!\" Rajit heard himself say. \n\nThe three of them looked at Rajit as if he had just farted. The Guardian of Good opened his mouth to speak, but as he did there was a terrible cackle in the air, like the laughter of the devil himself. \n\nSuddenly, a dark figure appeared at the door. He wore all black, and a half-mask that covered his eyes, leaving a large, frightening grin from which protruded a long, reptilian tongue. \"IT IS I, THE BLACK LIZARD! AND I HAVE COME FOR YOU, GUARDIAN! AT LONG LAST, I HAVE COME FOR YOU! MUHUHAHAHAHA!\"\n\nThe Guardian of Good stepped in front of his parents and put up his dukes. \"I've waited for this moment ever since you slithered out of the sewers, snake! It ends tonight!\"\n\n\"Not so fast, you two!\"\n\nThe combatants halted. Turned to the speaker. It was Carol. In her hand, a cellphone. \"Sonya?\" she said, looking at the screen. \"He's here.\"\n\nThe door to the ladies room flew open and banged against the wall, and a middle-aged Puerto Rican woman emerged. \"Mi nino!\" she screamed, arms wide as she ran to The Dark Lizard. She threw herself at him and tackled him to the ground, peppering his face with smooches. \n\n\"Wait, she was in there the whole time?!\" Ranjit asked. No one answered. While the two families sorted out their strange business, Ranjit slinked off to the back, where he promptly called his mom. \n\n","David Enfield was raised in a tough neighborhood. But he had managed to come through and made a good life for himself. He however went down a dark and dirty path, becoming a corrupt cop. He had married a beautiful Russian woman named Sola and together they made a wonderful little girl named Alexa. However one day as David was responding to an industrial accident on bring your daughter to workday, there had been a terrible industrial accident at a local genetics research facility, her daughter who had been curious as a monkey was accidentally exposed to chemicals but it did not kill her, however it did give her the ability to control electricity. \n\n\nDavid and his wife Sola, were distraught and terrified of their daughter,bit one day a bald dude in a wheel chair came and offered to take her to a special school for the gifted and help her co trol her powers. The parents obliged grateful for his help. As Alexa grew up she became \"Acer\", a crime fighter. And graduate of the Xaviers school.\n\n\nHer father however was finally caught for his corruption but he made a deal where he ratted out his fellow corrupt cops and he wasn't jailed but a gap formed between him and his daughter. She had become ashamed of him. She refused to return any of his calls, answer his messages. So after years had gone, he came up with a brilliant plan to meet her, he would commit an armed robbery of the local diner. So he bought an old Colt. 45 and headed out to the diner. \n\n\nHe entered the diner, walked towards the cashier, pulled out his gun. \" Give me the money he screamed!\"\nThe cashier recognizing that his shitty minimum wage job was not worth dying over quickly handed over most of the money pocketing a few dollars himself. \"Call the cops now.\" David asked. The cashier was perplexed but did it anyway.\n\n\nSuddenly one of the patrons of the diner a fat white man who had seen too many Chuck Norris movies and bought into the NRA propaganda about good guys with guns tried to pull out his Desert Eagle, the size of which was meant to compensate for his lack of. David however being a trained cop had the drop on him and shot him before the man could pull it out of his holster. He collapsed in a heap\n, clutching his chest the ground trembling a bit from his weight.\n\n\nDavid was expecting his daughter to come through the door any minute to apprehend him but today was not his lucky day. Suddenly Wade Wilson aka Dead Pool walked out the diners toilet, he was struggling with his red suit. He uttered as he casually walked into the scene, \"Boy did I just take am epic shit in there.\"\n\n\n\nEveryone stared at him in silence. \n\n\nHe noticed the scene of murder, the dead man oozing his cholesterol laden blood on to the diner floor. \"Today is your unlucky day.\" He said looking at David. He pulled out his katana, \"I am gonna do to you what OJ Simpson did to Nicole.\" David tried to aim his gun at Dead Pool but he was too fast and with a few quick stabs David lay dead on the floor, his entrails leaking from his guts. Dead Pool quickly robs hims, high fives the cashier and ran out the room. Alexa finds out about her dad until weeks later and she sent Dead Pool a thank you card after.","&gt; \"Give me the money he screamed!\" he screamed.\n\nFTFY :P","[removed]","\n#### Off Topic Comment Section ####\n\n---\n\nThis comment acts as a discussion area for the prompt. All **non-story** replies should be made as a reply to this comment rather than as a top-level comment.\n\nThis is a feature of /r/WritingPrompts in testing. For more information, click [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/351ym4/ot_rwritingprompts_new_feature_in_testing/).\n","I haven't read a story yet, and this idea already makes me sad :(","That is a great prompt. That could be the big reveal in a full story.","Superheroes don't typically fight petty crime, do they?","After I figured out he had alzheimer's I was thinking it would be like a shutter island thing where everybody in on it but the main character doesn't know it.","that's irrelevant.","Ah, so perhaps the sentence.\n\n&gt;The cashier was calm for the situation. \"Sir, put the gun down. Let me help you, okay? What do you need?\"\n\nCould also be a hint? I mean, the clerk could just be rather chill, considering a feeble old man is nervously waving around a gun.  ","Heart felt ending huh? This is dark as fuck and nobody realizes it. ","He said heart-rending. ","Damn that's cold. Ice cold.","http://imgur.com/gallery/vPD5S87","&gt;I'M NOT CRYING YOU'RE CRYING","Kevin James is an actor who played a mall cop.","I like how that's his most famous role now, and not the several other roles he's played. ","I know, it's quite funny really. I'll always think of him as the guy from King of Queens though.","Thanks!!!","I'm intellectually lazy when it comes to reading, I prefer problem solving to keep me alert, even though its hard to do when there's no problem to solve.\n\nI also didn't imply that me not liking reading meant every book in existence sucked.","I know, I was just being silly! Not everything is for everyone, glad you enjoyed the story anyway!!","Good luck, and best wishes.","I'm so sorry for your loss :( that must've been really rough. I knew I'd tug some strings but man, I really rekindled a lot of terrible memories for people...\n\nBut thank you.","Speaking of *nit* picking...","Yes. That was the point and why I couldn't resist. I was nitpicking his nitpicking.","Ah, but was that not the point of my post? So am I now nitpicking your nitpicking of his nitpicking?","Yay! It's nitpickception.","I didn't really like the stories in Bazaar of Bad Dreams, but that one made me bawl.\n\nAlzeheimer's is a biiiiiiitch.","Thanks, I'm a grown man and you've got me struggling to keep myself from weeping on the bus, that hit way too close to home. ","I think there is dust in my eyes.","It's hard to judge something so brief and I'm not really familiar with this sub and what the standards are and maybe it's just that I read a lot of books but like, man, that was incredibly clunky.","It's a bit hard to condense writing gracefully. Well, for me, at least.\n\nMost of us here are still learning, as well. I'm not a published author with years of experience :p","I thought it was great :) keep writing!","Yeah, it's a pretty common complaint. But honestly it mostly stems from having to abide by the comment limit. You get used to it when you read these replies everyday. ","It's also basically speed writing. ","Not being able to operate within a word count is a pretty huge weakness for an aspiring writer though. ","No, it isn't. If you want a properly fleshed, paced story, you need prompts like that.This prompt called for something in the neighbourhood of 9000 words to even begin to be properly fleshed out. Also, that's less than most short stories. ","http://i.imgur.com/E8Yz7do.gifv","Dat plot twist doe","Goosebumps, man. Goosebumps. Great job!!","So his father lied to him all his life about his own powers? Asshole. He has no room to complain about what his son does then.","[oh god](http://i.imgur.com/4COWjo6.jpg)","its like he doped up on PCP, cut his top lip off, and is about to start a one man [superhero]zombie film","Wondeful! Could you write another part? ","Thank you very much! ","&gt; However one day as James was responding to an industrial accident\n\nWho the fuck is James?\n\n","My dog.....sorry. Was thinking about him. Slipped my mind.","May I save this writing prompt and perhaps write my own novel from it some day?"," My husband always gets upset with me because I'm obsessed with plot holes and I verbalize it. But it doesn't ruin the story for me. You make good points about the gun, I mean the staff would not the searching his room for any reason. As far as the mental decline goes, I worked in a nursing facility for a few years and I can say honestly that I've never seen someone decline that fast. It is a slow and sad process. If the man did arrive recently at the facility, certainly the professionals working there would immediately realize his condition. As well as the fact it seems to be a nursing facility and not a retirement facility, where the residents can come and as they please. That leads me to believe his family placed him there because he was unable to care for himself and they have been aware of his mental decline.  I was just pointing it out. I'm sorry I didn't mean to be mean or anything. It was a beautiful story and I loved reading it. The end made me tear up a bit. I truly loved it and I'm sorry if it came off otherwise. ","Good god you are trying hard. Next time it will be [WP] An old man discovers he can gain immortality by killing Moby Dick, detail how he got a vessel and crew. This sub is an embarrassment to writers everywhere.","My wife's gram, was afflicted and her mom whoI I love dearly is showing signs of it. My wife will surely have it and this post killed a good weekend. ruined."],["2016 was horrible for both parties.\n\nSee, the Democrats had Hillary Clinton, but most people didn't want to have her as the president. In fact, about two-thirds thought she was dishonest. The Republicans had Donald Trump, or as John Oliver put him, \"a clown made of mummified foreskin and cotton candy\".\n\nSo, my friends and I decided to file FEC paperwork under my name. See, I've never really voted along one party line, so I just kinda put both parties. It was a joke! Honest! I hung those papers up on the wall and my friends and I had a good laugh.\n\nThen Iowa came. I won 70% of voters across the state. Turns out Mic. was doing an article on satirical candidates, and I had become some kind of internet sensation overnight. r/PhillipsWoodsForPresident was one of the most active subreddits, above r/HillaryClinton (but that's not much competition), r/The_Donald, and r/SandersForPresident. Hell, I had a campaign website, an ActBlue and an RNC donation page with about 10 million in donations from small donations of less than $2,700.\n\nThen I won both parties in New Hampshire, trailed Clinton in Nevada, South Carolina, Alabama, and Arkansas, and won the Republican primaries in all of those states. So, apparently both the DNC and the RNC provided me with campaign managers, staff, etc. that I didn't even know about until they came to my house and asked why I wasn't out campaigning. Seriously? I work Data Entry at a dental office.\n\nSo, they made me say a couple speeches. Basically, I was pro-gun, pro-LGBT rights, favoring a smaller government with more economic regulation, neutral on immigration, all of that. I started believing in myself, too. I shook hands with nearly every congressman and congresswoman in Washington. I was \"the savior of the Democratic and Republican parties\".\n\nI went to a couple of debates, and I just talked. Seriously, I didn't yell, didn't scream, wasn't aggressive. I literally just told people what I believed, and people were happy with a \"refreshing new candidate\" that didn't take corporate money. I flustered O'Malley and Webb, and they dropped out before Colorado. Hillary Clinton dropped out because she had received such low voter turnout, so it was just between me and Bernie Sanders.\n\nTrump dropped out in disgrace, saying, \"He's a loser! He's a democrat! The democrats are ruining the Republican Party! But now, I must make America great again through the private sector, not the public one. Also, my hands are not small!\" Jeb Bush dropped out because he had the whole of 10 votes in 6 states. Ted Cruz couldn't run because he was a Canadian, and public opinion shifted against him. John Kasich was John Kasich. Nobody voted for him.\n\nAnyways, that's how I ended up as the front-runner of both parties. I took Sanders as my Vice-President due to the public support and his experience getting things through the Senate.\n\nI had won 76% of this country's vote in the primaries. I won 94% of the popular vote, with 3.5% going to Jill Stein of the Green Party and 2.4% going to Gary Johnson of the Libertarian Party. it was the first time in history both the Democrats and Republicans had won a landslide victory. I served my presidency as \"The Great Uniter\", working to decrease the debt and increase personal freedom and security. People loved me. My approval rating never went below 75%.\n\nSo I took a trip to my home state of Texas. Toured around the state, went to Dallas. Drove down Elm Street in Dallas, and I got shot by some guy with the Party for Social Liberation, which got, like, 0.0003% of the vote. As the country's most popular president of the last 20 years, I died during my last 2 years in office, on the same street JFK died on. \n\nThey rushed me to Parkland, but it turns out no amount of surgery can repair a gunshot to the head. I died, and \"The Great Uniter\" was gone.\n\nI'd like to say maybe I had a difference. That the Republicans and Democrats would unite under my death. Instead, both parties blamed the other for not stopping the Party for Social Liberation from killing me. The greatest irony of my death is that \"The Great Uniter\" divided this country more than ever by his death.\n\nThis country's greatest divide was my death. Go figure.\n\n*If you liked this, please read more of my stories on r/TheTexasKid and subscribe!*","&gt;John Kasich was John Kasich. Nobody voted for him.\n\nSad, but true.\n","I actually like the guy. Respect him as a Congressman and governor. But, you know, it's nearly mathematically impossible for him to win.","He could, in an open primary","You mean contested convention?","You mean a political clusterfuck?","Hey, this entire election is a political clusterfuck. ","He's kinda just a quieter Cruz","Nah, Cruz is crazier. At least Kasich didn't go up to the US Senate to read \"Green Eggs and Ham\". That's a story not even the most imaginative of us would think of.","All you need to win presidency is get nominated, from there on, if you know what you are doing, you're all set.\n\nhttp://youtu.be/7wC42HgLA4k","Win the primary is what I meant. But, yes, good point.","Why do people always seem to throw around \"mathematically impossible\"?","He can't win 1,237 delegates by the convention. If he won 100% between here and now, he still wouldn't win.\n\nOf course, if you have a contested convention, everything is out the window","As a Kasich supporter, I can't agree more. He took 2nd in New York though!","Sorry about that. Good luck in the upcoming primaries!","As an Ohioan, thank god it's this way. A lot of people like him, but his policies regarding education and women's reproductive rights are absolutely horrendous.  He has proven himself to be sexist in the strangest sort of way.  He thanked women for \"leaving their kitchens\" to support him and said that if girls don't want to get raped, they shouldn't go to parties where alcohol is being served","Wow. You must've spent a lot of time on that. I could actually (kinda (barely)) see that happening. It sounds very realistic and all.","Thanks! I put about an hour or two for each story for research and accuracy (for the most part). As much as I can, anyways, because it's fiction.","I'm just happy that after all that, Bernie finally got the presidency. ","Yeah, I think he's the best candidate as of right now.","I'm sitting there, in my \"office\" (it's the 3 foot part of my campaign bus that I haven't covered entirely with papers and cans yet), trying to figure out how the fuck I managed to get myself into this situation.  \n\nWait, I gotta back up here, I should probably tell you how this whole thing started.  \n\nIt all started a year ago, my buddy Bill and I were drinking in some swanky New York club, and somewhere between the 4th and 5th bottles of champagne, he got the idea of me running for President, for both parties. \n\n\"Dude, it'll be hilarious, I promise you\", he slurred at me in his southern drawl, \"you just gotta say enough crazy shit to get everyone riled up for you\"\n\n\"Nah man, they'll just think it's some publicity stunt\", I responded, somehow managing to still think, \"nobody's gonna fall for this\"\n\nAs we approached the hours of the morning, I finally came around to the idea (well, come around is a bit generous considering that I vomited on some homeless dude on the way back), but either way, the next day, still hungover, I went on the air and announced my candidacy.\n\nAs I expected, everyone kinda laughed at me to start, nobody expected me to gain any traction.  I talked to Bill about it, he was still optimistic after the first few days.  \n\n\"Trust me man, I know how this works, all you gotta do is say some crazy shit, and then everyone will start clamoring about you. Gingrich did it to me in 94.  Go for the right wing first, they're pretty easy to rile up, just say something bad about Muslims\"\n\nI took his advice to heart, and the next day, I called a press conference, walked up to the podium, Bill confidently giving me a thumbs up from the 5th row.  I waved at the crowd and approached the podium, trying my best not to show my quivering legs.  \n\nI cleared my throat, adjusted the mic, and cried loudly for the world to hear,\n\n\"We're gonna build a wall\"\n\nEdit: I know that Bill Clinton ran on a platform of being super moderate, and would actually suggest to run super moderately, but you know, literary liberties and such","Love it!","Tuesday evenings had fast become my favorite time of the week. It was at 6:30 p.m. sharp that 'Lou's Real Democracy' published the primary polling results of every presidential candidate. Unlike Gallup and Rasmussen and those other giants, Lou's included anyone who garnered a single vote out of the 1,000 or so sample size generally taken. Self-righteous as they were, I did appreciate these super-liberal bloggers.\n\nI popped a few Red Baron french bread pizzas into the toaster oven, settled down into my well-loved suede craigslist couch, and fired up the laptop to Lou's site.\n\n**July 5th, 2016 - Democratic Presidential Nomination (National)**\n\nBernie Sanders:     1982 (182 superdelegates)     48% Popular (+2%)\n\nHillary Clinton:       2122 (319 superdelegates)     44% Popular (-3%)\n\nAbraham Lincoln:   0 (0 superdelegates)              1% Popular (+/- 0%)\n\n**July 5th, 2016 - Republican Presidential Nomination (National)**\n\nDonald Trump:     1201     52% Popular (-4%)\n\nTed Crud:            612       28% Popular (+3%)\n\nJohn Kaisch:        187       8%   Popular (-1%)\n\nTeddy Bear:         0          1%   Popular (+/- 0%)\n\nI snickered every time. I had taken advantage of an obscure early 19th-century rule that allowed candidates to alter their given names on ballots. I had toyed with even more mainstream monikers, like \"Frodo Baggins,\" but decided I was already pressing the envelope. A small part of me still expected some joint Democratic and Republican goon squad to come busting down my door any day now.\n\nThe most astounding part was that I hadn't run any campaign. 30 minutes of Googling nominating procedures and half a day of chasing paperwork around and I was suddenly sitting on each party's respective ballot. *True democracy in action*, I thought.\n\nWith each party's convention only a week away and neither side's top candidates possessing enough delegates to win, I had been daydreaming of just one delegate stepping to the podium and announcing, \"I have decided to cast my vote for Teddy Bear!\" Or Lincoln. As long as my 15 minutes of fame could extend just a bit longer.\n\nI switched over to Google News. *I may as well keep myself informed. I'm a politician now!* I thought smugly. As I began skimming the headlines, my stomach began to drop. I checked the date. No, April Fool's was months ago. Is this *The Onion*? A prank? Must be a hack. My vision began to blur and I had to literally shake my head to regain focus.\n\n***Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders Shot at Respective Rallies***\n\n***Ted Cruz and John Kaisch Found Dead in Hotel Rooms; Trump Missing, Presumed Dead***\n\nIt was plastered over every visible page. There were no other stories until I scrolled down to some tech article about Apple iBusiness. My body felt weighted down with lead and my head was a wash of fog. I could smell my pizzas burning, but couldn't bring myself to move, much less get to the kitchen. I heard a bell echo in the distance. It grew louder, more demanding. I realized it was my phone, going off on the coffee table. I numbly reached over and picked it up.\n\n\"Hello?\"\n\n\"Good evening, Mr. Roberts. It appears a wonderful, *accidental* piece of luck has suddenly befallen you. A car will be by to pick you up in 10 minutes. Be a good lad and don't try to leave before we get there. I'm sure you realize the folly in that.\"\n\n*Click*\n\nThe pizzas were burning in earnest now, but all I could do was sit motionless in an anesthetized daze. Surely, I would wake up soon.","Holy shit, that was intense! Part 2?","(I don't know enough about the US system so I am going to take a lt of creative license here)\n\nSigmar Landvogt was candidate of the democrats, son of immigrants from Germany and as heavy on \"soziale Marktwirtschaft\" as you can get without being arrested. His speeches riled up the masses. He sweeped up states after states with demands further to the left than any mainstream candidate dared to ask. Compared to others, the candidate who held an entire speech in Cherokee, who openly supported basic income and universal healthcare, who juggled during a speech to make a point and who openly suggested an EU candidacy of the USA was the drop of bright red in a sea of drab brown. \n\nHis republican rival Sammy Landvogt looked strong to a very different demographic: Tough on immigration and on crime, speaking with the broadest Texas accent that could still be understood, was armed whenever legally possible, baptist, creationist and dominionist. Tough on crime, drugs and the poor. He opposed abortion, gay marriage and wanted to make America \"as great as she once was\". His healthcare plan was prayer and worker's rights as well as minimum wage laws were to him a way to sabotage the economy, the lifeblood of America. State after state fell for his charm.\n\nThe fact that the republican and the democrat conventions were not on the same day was advantageous for a certain comedian. He decided to satirize the US-elections by running both under his birth name and under his nickname: Sigmar and Sammy. He couldn't imagine that people actually supported him in both forms. He would have thought people understood the exaggerated claims, faked statistics and media gestures but they didn't. He could come out as being Sigmar to the Republicans or being Sammy to the democrats and cause delicious chaos, but as there were only a few days until the first convention, he had another idea: why not run as both? Few people would ever get a presidency handed to them ike that. Why give that away? He called his twin: \"Mark? Did you ever want to participate in a presidential debate?\"","[removed]","\n#### Off Topic Comment Section ####\n\n---\n\nThis comment acts as a discussion area for the prompt. All **non-story** replies should be made as a reply to this comment rather than as a top-level comment.\n\nThis is a feature of /r/WritingPrompts in testing. For more information, click [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/351ym4/ot_rwritingprompts_new_feature_in_testing/).\n","\"Alright, heads I'm pro-life, tails I'm pro-choice.\"  \n\nIt was the simplest solution to this already incredibly complex issue.  Some would say it was rather crass to decide major policy on the flip of a coin but I was getting desperate.  The coin flipped through the air, end over end before hitting the table and falling to the floor.  My campaign manager Corey and I both peered over the table and saw heads.  \n\n\"Alright... What's next?\"  I asked as Corey scribbled the final decision of pro-life in his notebook.  \"Labor unions?  Gay marriage?\"  I went through a list of policies in my head deciding which one to choose.  \n\nCorey finished writing down my newest \"belief\" and thought for a moment before spurting out \"How about gun control?\"  It seems like such a complex issue but I'm sure the coin will understand.  I shrugged my shoulders as if I didn't really care what was next.  Corey picked up the coin and said \"Alright... Heads we go with stricter regulations and tails we go with looser regulations.\"  \n\n\"Sounds fair to me.\"  I agreed as I took the coin from his hand and prepared to send it sailing into the air.  Suddenly I was overcome with grief.  How could I continue to go along with this farce of a campaign?  \"What are we doing?\"  I asked Corey in a moment of clarity.  \"Do I not stand for something?  Do I not have any beliefs of my own?  How ridiculous of us to sit here and make major decisions that could effect this great country for decades or perhaps even centuries!  They will write about me in the textbooks as the Coin-Flipping President.  Students in future generations will study me like they do great dictators for their ineptitudes.  I have an opportunity to be truly great and make a difference in this world!  I've reached across party lines and met people in the middle.  People that are sick of the status quo have looked to me as their savior and here I am treating it like some sort of joke.  What is wrong with me?\"  \n\nI looked to the coin again and decided to set it down on the desk.  I stared at it for a few minutes and then I couldn't bare to look at it anymore.  \"Why would I ever agree to do this?  I feel like the lowest form of scum on the planet.  Global warming decided by the flip of a coin?  Oh, hey, there is a genocide going on overseas... does anyone have a quarter?  I can make a difference and I will make a difference.\"  \n\nCorey looked at me like he couldn't believe what I was saying.  \"But this is how we have always done things Mr. Trump.\"  \n\nI looked back at him and thought for a moment.  My eyes trailed back to the quarter sitting on the table.  After a few seconds of reflection, I picked up the quarter, smiled and gave a quick nod before giving the coin yet another flip.  ","\"I mean look, I've always thought of myself as a Republican, I mean after all I was the president and I won as a Republican in 2016 against Hillary, but y'know folks, I've done everything I set out to do. The wall was built by early 2018, it's a beautiful wall by the way folks, isn't it? Don't we love our border patrol, folks? Anyway, it was paid for by Mexico a month later, and then I focused on making the healthcare system more competitive, which brought prices way way low, and then I focused on jobs and things like that. I brought down the unemployment rate, by the way, to .8%. Believe me, and it's going down still folks, that wouldn't have happened under Crooked Hillary.\"\n\n\"And then I reformed the voting system, of course, our corrupt voting system that I still somehow won under. Amazing. Amazing. I made it so that you no longer have to be afraid of voting for who you want to win.\"\n\n\"So here's the story, folks, I have helped create a Congress that is far more representative of the people than any other before it. You know, I read a story in the New York Times, very bad newspaper by the way, I was happy when it failed, that said \"Trump is causing political unrest\". Really? I'm causing political unrest by letting the people vote for who they want to win? Unbelievable.\"\n\n\"So anyway folks, I did make our political system far more fair, however, the Republican party and Democratic party are still too big. They have far more money. So what I'm going to do before I leave is run these down to the same level as all the other parties. I mean, I've set out to do things and I did everything I wanted to. So the least I could do to end it is bring these parties down.\"\n\n\"So starting tomorrow, I am going to run as both a Republican and a Democrat. And believe me, this is going to ruin both of them.\"\n\nSo God-Emperor Trump did just that. As the incumbent, he was already the Republican nominee, so he focused on winning the Democratic nomination. It was Chasin' Chelsea (because she's chasing her mother's legacy) and Lil' Koch (I'll let you guess why) towards the end. And he was winning. He couldn't believe it. He was mostly trying to go out with a bang, although he did intend to destroy both parties on his way out.\n\nAnd he ended up winning.\n\nCome election day, it was Sanders (now at age 78 it had seemed he discovered the secret to immortality) running for the Democratic Bolshevik party (a party he created), Cruz running for the Christian party, Muhammed X running for the BLM party, of course, the Libertarian and Green parties, and Donald Trump, representing both Republican and Democrat votes. The results came in, and Donald Trump was the winner, followed by the Libertarian party, a close third the Green party, Cruz was a slightly distant 4th, then the Democratic Bolshevik party was 5th, and a dead last was the BLM party (which they declared imperialist racism).\n\nTrump spent his second term making the world great again, and when he left office, there was complete world peace. Working together with Sanders, Trump perfected the life-giving serum he dubbed Trumders, which was sold at a buck a vial, a vial that would extend your life 2 years. Eventually Sanders was given his own territory, where Sweden used to be (there was a year long period of severe civil unrest where several countries fell). There he set up his country, the People's Democratic Socialist Republic of Sweders, and expanded a bit into the rest of Europe.\n\nTrump was selected God-Emperor of the World by popular vote in 2044, and by 2155, the PDSRS fell as we expanded into the solar system. Trump would eventually give his life to prevent the Sun from collapsing, because due to his high energy, the sun would never blow up again. This also helped when the heat death of the universe came close, when Carson gave his life to spread his high energy throughout the universe.\n\n___________________________________________________________\n\n_I'm tired_"],["Politiburo is after me.\n\nI am richest man in all of Latvia. English not so good. See, politiburo no like that I have infinite potato. So go to gulag. All prisoner have potato. No lie. So all prisoner eat and get strong. Help me get out of gulag. Bribe guard with potato. Guard surprised it real potato. Let me go.\n\nPolitburo send secret police after me. No matter. Secret police take 20 potato bribe. Feed family. Latvia happy to have potato. Secret police no longer touch me. Secret police come to my house everyday for potato. Secret police say I am godsend.\n\nSoviet try to send me to Siberia. People unify and say no. Protect me, Dainis Īvāns. I become journalist. Respect due to write good and potato. I say Daugava Dam bad. Construction canceled. People listen to me.\n\nStart Popular Front of Latvia. Now is 1988. Lead people away from communist and politiburo. Plenty of potato for all Latvian. Politiburo still angry. More people respect Popular Front. Also, we have potato. Politiburo only has sadness.\n\n1990 now. Latvia is moving away from Soviet scum. I lead Popular Front as speaker of Supreme Council. my English has gotten much better with Gorbachev's policy of Glasnost. I read English books sneaked in through West Berlin, also some German. My country has declared Independence from the Soviets.\n\nLatvia has potatoes now for everyone. I no longer need to be giving free potatoes anymore. Agriculture is now one of the biggest parts of the Latvian economy. It is 1992 now. We are free. I will retire now.\n\nPotato is not a dream anymore. Potato is real. I look at Potato and smile. It is not mine anymore, it was grown on a farm with people making money. No politiburo is taking away the potato. No secret police is stealing food.\n\nIt is not my potato. It is the potato of a free Latvia. \n\n*If you liked this, please read more of my stories on [r/TheTexasKid](http://reddit.com/r/TheTexasKid) and subscribe!*","This is awesome","Thanks! I tried to incorporate real history in there, too.","&gt;Politburo only has sadness \n\nPerfect","I say bad about Politburo. Send secret police to me. No matter. Secret police just want potato bribe.","Spoken like a glorious Latvian, ","In Latvia try to speak. Die of malnourish.","I knew someone was going to do this. You made my day, random stranger!","You're welcome, CZall23!","Really enjoyed this one!","Thanks! I enjoyed writing it!","~~Dievs~~ Kartupelis, svētī Latviju!","Yes, very much.","\"Behold.\" I pulled a simple wooden box out of my backpack and placed it on the table. It opened to reveal a trio of my specialty. \"The red potato. Renowned for its ability to retain its shape during the cooking process, perfect for frying and for stews. The blue potato. It's rich and silky texture and unusual color make it the royalty of all spuds. This, followed by the most famous and popular russet potato. Its fall apart nature makes it perfect as a thickener in soups, the large size is great for solid baking, and it can be sliced to make either chips or french fries.\"\n\nThe woman at the other side of the table blinked at me. She was covered in clear crystals, her speckled eyelashes catching the light in a beautiful manner as they blinked. Her hand delicately lifted and she pointed over at the box. \"You know those just grow in the ground, don't you?\"\n\n\"Yeah? Well so do diamonds, lady.\" I snapped back in an exasperated manner. \"I don't see how we're that much different.\"\n\n\"Whole industries run off my specialty.\" She lifted a brow, which created the finest of creases in her foundation caked forehead. \"I suppose that's true in your case as well, but I specialize in designer ring centerpieces for engagements and weddings. You just put the 'large' in the extra order of fries at McDonalds.\"\n\nI was about to say something, but her phone buzzed. She held up one hand and looked it over. Her wrist twisted about in the air and delicate crystals formed within it like ice. They shifted together until a large diamond appeared, with a red flaw within it in the shape of a heart.\n\n\"Mixed colored diamonds are all the rage nowadays anyways. And I just made three thousand dollars with six seconds worth of effort.\" She pulled out a velvet bag out of her purse and dropped the gemstone in it. Within the room, the clear sound of a bell rang and she picked up her drink as she stood. \"Good luck with your dirty little spud project.\" Her cocky sneer was what was most off putting about her, but I couldn't help but to tip my head and check out 'dat ass' as it shimmered back and forth towards the next table.\n\nI hardly noticed the small appearance of another woman joining me. She let out a nervous cough and I turned around to see a plain looking girl with a button up off-white blouse. The grimace I had on my face must've been quite noticeable, because she suddenly stiffened her posture and fumbled with her back. A handful of mints were taken out of a tin and stuffed into her mouth.\n\n\"Oh, it isn't you.\" A closed my potato box and put my elbow on the table, shifting my chin into my palm. \"Just some of the people here are terribly snobby.\"\n\n\"Yes, tell me about it.\" She looked down at the table and fumbled her hands together. \"The man at the previous table is a fashion designer specializing in silk products who just wouldn't stop about my choice of a polyester blend skirt and the table before that had a guy who lays high speed cables internationally. I forget what his talent is, maybe carbon fiber or something but it seemed like good work. I guess the high price it took to get into this speed dating lunch-in just brought out the high class people and those who grow root vegetables have no place here at all.\"\n\nShe must've seen what was in the box. \"Tch.\" I turn my head to the side and give a slight lean to see who I would be failing at drinking with next. It was a taller woman in blue who had cotton puff earrings and was having a heated discussion with the silk man. That would probably also be a bust. \"Potatoes are very important. One can eat a mostly potato diet and have nearly all of their nutritional needs.\"\n\nThe woman sitting with me widened her eyes. \"I completely understand. But other people's comments are just so terrible. You probably get tired of all the dirt covered jokes and how they just grow in the ground and everything.\"\n\nMy eyes drifted over to her, narrowing slightly. \"Yes.\" I said in a tone that dripped with venom, tightening my jaw in the process.\n\nHer hands lifted up and waved back and forth. \"I should've explained earlier, s-sorry!\" She delved into her purse and pulled out a wooden box, opening it up. \"My specialty is garlic. It's really difficult to get people to understand the differences in a Spanish Roja or a Chesnok Red. That I can understand, but they just don't seem to get that black garlic is very popular in high class cuisine and I do make a lot of money!\" Her browns furrowed and she seemed to be ranting for a second time since sitting down. \"And I keep telling them that I don't smell but they just always pinch their noses at me and say 'well I thought there was an off putting scent about you,' which makes absolutely no sense in my opinion. Garlic is covered for one, it doesn't have a strong smell at all until processed.\"\n\nI couldn't help but to have the corner of my mouth lift up at the sight of this small woman who was rather passionate about her talent. \"Stop...\" I lifted my head from my hand and sat back in my chair, gesturing towards her box. \"Tell me more about black garlic. Does it go well with a roasted potato?\"","I like this one to no end.  I would pick okra as my special talent.  Then again, someone who plants this stuff already does. ","Infinite loaded baked potatoes...","\"Here boy, take it,\" he said gruffly. The boy scurried over and snatched the tuber before darting off. The streets had gone astray in recent years. As famine let the worst come out in people, so did potatos. Their porous skin and all too starchy interiors laid waste to many men's colons.\n\nBards sang of colossal bowel movements, the size of two, perhaps three bushels of the things. Farms were amazed. They'd only been able to capitalize on one potato per plant, but using the special manure the potato-eaters produced made the potato flourish.\n\nThere were monumental stacks reaching higher than building as kids laughed and played, so it was very odd that a boy would come beg for one. The purpose, no doubt, was to stay away from the potato draft. He is young, his colon still green and lacking in experience to handle the potato shits. It takes a seasoned man to take the broad shape, with salt and pepper being the best combination.\n\nShould it be designated to a specific individual to control the potato market? Men thrived on them. The carbohydrates hooked them from their very DNA. There was a certain viciousness to the addiction, a bloodiness of sorts. It could not be controlled nor stopped once started. \n\nThe lust of potato grew weary on farmers as they plucked their bushels day in and day out, the plant not caring of the season. They worked, and plowed, and picked till the soil grew rot with malnutrition. It seemed the shits took more than they gave. \n\nThere were uprisings at first. Of course, few lasted as the hunger struck the rioters. There was little to be done as potato stock dwindled. Government officials were at a loss, their intestines tied with the vicious starchy goodness, too. Was there no superiority in these matters or civility? The potatoes did not discriminate their victims. The youth were held back by their mothers who sat writhing in potato agony, and here a man sat.\n\nHe controlled the potato market. His palms were black as night, subtle lines tracing themselves across his hands. When he saw fit, potatoes grew from his palm. The starving flocked from the streets to follow him in the fields as he ran his hand across the barren dirt. There was little to do but wait as night set in and each man picked a fledgling crop to lay around. They cradled it and sang to it as if it was the last of their line.\n\nHere he sat, starting to wonder what gifts he had outside of agriculture and humanities. There was more to life than plants. He knelt to the ground, his palms lying flat in front of him. The earth beneath his hands grew dark, spreading outward like a pool of blood. Rich soil rose up between his fingers, yet he did not move.\n\nHe balanced his way into a handstand, his hands pressing against the world as hard as his gift—the potatoes—pressed within him. Bushels upon bushels of potatoes spawned from beneath his hands as the once sleeping foragers sprang into alertness. The soft sound of mashed potatos reached his ears. \n\nUp and up the bushels went, piling into the sky till the man reached the moon. He looked to his left and right for signs of life, but there was nothing. \n\n\"Let me find rest, a respite from the apparent. Potatoes in such quantity drain me,\" he spoke to no one. In fact, there was no sound the issued from his mouth. This made him wary. What strange place as the moon dared steal the words from his mouth?\n\nAgain he set his hands upon the world, this one a different celestial body, and readied himself. Bushels sprouted from places once thought inconceivable till they filled the very universe. Now he could speak, the potatoes acting as a medium for his voice to bounce against.\n\nThroughout his troubles of potation, he thought long on what his first words should be. His result became clear not long after. With a deep breath, savoring the hearty aroma of starch, he opened his mouth to speak the words of a new age.\n\n\"Potato.\"","hahaa I looooooove the ending\n","[removed]","\n#### Off Topic Comment Section ####\n\n---\n\nThis comment acts as a discussion area for the prompt. All **non-story** replies should be made as a reply to this comment rather than as a top-level comment.\n\nThis is a feature of /r/WritingPrompts in testing. For more information, click [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/351ym4/ot_rwritingprompts_new_feature_in_testing/).\n"]],"cats":[["**source:** https://www.instagram.com/p/BEckdZfEadn/","As someone who gets nagged in the same way every morning from 5 to 7am for food, this feels like sweet revenge.","Cat: ^^^\"Thumbed ^^^One....\" ^^\"Thumbed ^^One...\" ^\"Thumbed ^One...\" Thumbed One?\" \n\n-smack-\n\n# THUMBED ONE!\n\nMe: What?! \n\nCat: Oh hey! You're awake! There's like a thumbnail sized piece of food dish available.\n\nMe: It's 4 in the morning.\n\nCat: I'll die.\n\nMe: You're fat. You can survive on your reserves.\n\nCat: I can do this every five minutes until I get my way or I can get my way now. Your choice.\n\nMe: I hate you.\n\nCat: No you don't. You hate spiders and I kill them.\n\nMe: ...I still kinda hate you. Stop looking at me like that. Oh Christ don't flip over on your back and look all cute. You're an asshole. An adorable... great now you throw in that thing where you fold your paws under your chin and look adorabler. Asshole.","I simply don't open my eyes and burry under the blanket. Then she sits on my bladder.","Mine sits halfway across the room, stares at me, and rhythmically bats the closet door.\n\n*donk* *donk* *donk* *donk* *donk* *donk* *donk* *donk* *donk*\n\nIt's the most annoying thing in the world and when I finally lose it and get up to feed her she's all innocent like \"oh hey you're up?\"","I was so happy to move into a house with an actual door to the bedroom, thinking I will finally get to sleep in in the mornings.\n\nMy lub of tard on the other hand discovered body slamming herself against my door while yowling at the top of her lungs... ","This is why I have a box fan, humidifier and air purifier running in my bedroom. 4 cats that decide to knock and howl at 4am, but now I  can't hear them over all the white noise. It's wonderful.","My husband and I took in a black stray. He quickly figured out the light switch in the bathroom on his first night outside the quarantined bedroom.\n\nOn. Off. On. Off. Onoffonoffonoffonoffonoff. On. Off. On. Off.\n\n-runs into the bedroom to make sure we know about this awesome new toy on the wall, meows, and runs back-\n\nOn. Off. On. Off. Onoffonoffonoffonoffonoff. On. Off. On. Off\n\nAll. Fucking. Night.","Mine bats at my window blinds while looking at me. It's creepy as fuck.","If you move feeding time to the evening you won't be woken up by your cat demanding food. Our house has kitty playtime at 7:45PM-ish (19:45) and then feeding somewhere between 8:15PM (20:15) and 8:45PM (20:45).\n\nThey have dry food out for grazing if needed.","Note: some cats are not grazers. Such as mine, who must be fed small amounts three times a day or he eats everything at once and then pukes it all up. ","You can try a slow feeder bowl, or placing ping pong balls in the food to make them take more time to eat their food. I have a tripod who would scarf &amp; barf and because she is missing one of her front legs, a slow feeder bowl isn't optimal (they generally make the cats use a paw to dig out food, since she only has one front leg, that wasn't going to work).\n\nAnother thing is your cat may have anxiety or a medical issue like IBS. Trinity (the tripod) is taking a low maintenance dose of an anxiety medicine and now she doesn't scarf &amp; barf.\n\nThere are also timed release feeding bowls for dry food distribution which makes it easier if you do have to stick with 3 meals a day.","Eh he just scarfs food, some cats are like that. I've figured out a system that works, so unless he starts showing some other symptoms that something's wrong, I'm not going to worry about it. He's just over six years old and it's just something he's always done. ","Understood, just thought I'd pass along what I've learned and tried because we have a cat that does that too.","Maybe it will help someone else who comes across it :)","We do the same. Works great! Also helps with getting them to come in for the night if they're outside. ","As we have eight 'free-range' cats (as opposed to the one confined to our bedroom) with several on meds and/or special diets, I do two feedings per day and can't leave food out - and, six of the eight actually get fed in crates. The second I get up in the morning they all come running into the kitchen, like \"hurry the hell up, human, we're all starving to death!\" The whole production is YouTube crazy-cat-person-video worthy.","Share the video when you film it. I'd like to see it. =)","Ha, someday I'll have my wife do it; the best part is when I open the sliding glass door to our (poorly-built!) sunroom where they all get fed, 7 of the 8 go running in and meowing like crazy even though I only bring 4 of them their food at a time... FYI it only takes a few days to train a cat to go to his/her crate for feeding!","It's also the quickest way to teach a new cat their name, by calling it at dinnertime.","She lies down calmly as he baby breastfeeds and caresses her all over.\n\"I'm enjoying it but I hope it ends soon\"","She is drowning in a sea of kittens ","I mean.. if I had to die right now.. that'd be the way I'd choose","[removed]","[removed]","[removed]","[removed]","Last year, a stray showed up and had two kittens.  She was a great mama, but, man was she happy when they started eating cat food.  She would go outside to enjoy a little peace away from the kittens.\n\nIt all turned out well, too.  Both kittens were adopted by the same family.  They got to stay together and the family loves them.\n\nMama stayed with me - she's a sweetie.  ","You are wonderful","The same thing happened to me last year, too. Although mine was still pregnant when she first came around. Ended up having 3. We kept the girl (who is absolutely attached to my husband) and Mama, and my best friend took her two brothers so we get to see them and I have a constant kitty photo stream from her.","and fixed.... :)","She's a foster mom to the kittens, she has no milk.","Except their not feeding. This cat is not the mother nor does she have milk. Read your source. ","https://www.reddit.com/r/thisismylifenow","/r/thisismylifemeow","/r/imsohappythatsathing","Doing it again? Answer my pm, or I'll send certain pictures to certain people. Olivia, Josh, Kathy...","why are you doing this to me?","I'm sorry. I'm poor. I'm hardly making ends meet right now. if I tell you I can't pay it back will you stop? would it get worse? I have negative money right now. ","don't give me that look, I tried to tell you, I tried to keep you inside. but noooo, you had to run out when i was trying to take out the trash and my back was turned for TWO GODDAMMED SECONDS. then i had to listen to you being an absolute whore all night long. i suppose you expect me to pay for all these fucking kids you had in my closet, it's not like the fathers are going to step up, right? of course not, it's all on me again, isn't it.\nenough is enough, you're going to the vet as soon as i can afford it. all i'm going to say is that you're damned lucky you're all so fucking cute. otherwise you'd be out on your asses.\ncute little bastards.sniff","Did... did you copy this comment exactly from the other post?","You have witnessed the birth of a copypasta\n\nOnly time will tell if it will die in this thread or if it will further expand","You've got to be kitten me!!","\"What have I done?\"","So many wiggly babies! @_@ &lt;3 &lt;3","Those kittens are beautiful! The mom is a beauty too","Those dead  eyes\n","\"I should have bought that boat instead.\"","Typically anything swarming is disturbing. But swarming kittens? That I can do.","I've made a horrible mistake ","When I was having sex, I didn't think about all these","I want to upvote this 100x","That one on the left is trying to milk her eardrum.","looks like a teen mom in action","OP missed the opportunity for a cat pun in the title.","That's a bundle of adorable!","Their baby collars though.","\"I lowkey regret the time I spent with those tomcats.\"","it's like a blob made of kitties","Willing to share? Lol","New mom of twins here. This is my life now","I thought one was hard....","[I just imagine this playing over it](http://youtu.be/4zLfCnGVeL4) ","hahaha this is so cute ","what are the collars?\n","\"kill me, kill me\"","This is the exact *opposite* of a problem. ","\"Worth it.\"","oh my god this is goals","Hello darkness my old friend ","are those little tiny flea collars?\n","So much better with music...\n\nhttps://gifsound.com/?gifv=6BIxXz7&amp;v=4zLfCnGVeL4\n\nCredit to /u/recovering_introvert [here](https://redd.it/4g6frq)","don't give me that look, I tried to tell you, I tried to keep you inside. but noooo, you had to run out when i was trying to take out the trash and my back was turned for TWO GODDAMMED SECONDS. then i had to listen to you being an absolute whore all night long. i suppose you expect me to pay for all these fucking kids you had in my closet, it's not like the fathers are going to step up, right? of course not, it's all on me again, isn't it. enough is enough, you're going to the vet as soon as i can afford it. all i'm going to say is that you're damned lucky you're all so fucking cute. otherwise you'd be out on your asses. cute little bastards.sniff\n","I like that this is stickied, thanks. ","I needed more and found this link to their Youtube Chanel. \nhttps://youtu.be/X7mjaIJ6LoU"],["I have a cat that weighs somewhere around 17 pounds and isn't particularly obese.   I still can't quite imagine having a 20+ pound Maine Coon.","Its like having a medium sized dog that is way more agile. It blows my mind when my cat stretches out all the way and is nearly up to the dead bolt on my door.","Hmmm... I should pose that as a challenge to Alex.  (Henceforth known as Al Licks.)","My boy is pretty long when he stretches out, here he is [looking over a fence](http://i.imgur.com/1nRHPP0.jpg) lol, he's not a maincoon though. ","I had a 32lb Maine Coon who wasn't considered overweight. We had stairs and sometimes if we didn't know if a family member had left or not, we'd think it was a family member using the stairs until a cat came barreling down. Same with him walking above us. I often thought my sister was home but then yell for her without a response. So I'd figure it was my cat.\n\nHe was very good about not getting up on furniture or counters. But one day when he was around 5 or so he hopped onto a kitchen counter. We didn't realize. As we were sitting in the living room, connected to the kitchen, we hear this very loud thud that shook the wall between the rooms.\n\nWe also had a backdoor there, so my sister and I (home alone) thought someone broke in, or was trying to. Then my cat came running. We didn't make the connection until my mom heard it twice at night. Then we used duct tape on the counter and found him walking lopsided the next morning. He never used the counters again.\n\nI have to say, out of the 6 cats I've owned, he was by far the most needy and cuddly. I miss that massive sweet guy so damn much.","He sounds like the coolest guy! I'm sorry he's no longer with you. I'm glad you got to have so many good times with him. ","I adopted a coonie because I heard they are emotionally independent. I might have been mislead there.","Well, cats are cats. Somehow they know that's why you got them, and thus they are going to act the complete opposite way.","My \"kitten\" weighs 21lbs and isn't a year old yet. She's a big girl...but has the tiniest little mew of a meow. She still sounds like a wee baby kitten, such a tiny voice from such a giant beast...it's hilarious.","Maine Coons are so regal... and fluffy. Definitely fluffy. :3","Sounds like a housekeeping nightmare on several levels.","It is. Worth it though. :)","Yeah. I can imagine, but it will be so worth it!! I think having a good diet and a regular brushing schedule will keep the hair in check. :)","And I can vouch for the effectiveness of a Neato botvac at keeping the carpet spotless and free from tracked litter bits/maine coon fur.","Our floof ball is an unknown mixed breed, but we highly suspect he's part Maine Coon. He's soooooo regal that we named him after King Bumi from Avatar: Last Airbender, mostly based on the volumes of ear hair they both have. So fluffy... all the fluff... ","Sleeping in their floof","I love Main Coons, but if one decides that it doesn't like you it's a terrifying experience. ","Story time? I've only heard good and fluffy things about these...fluffs","They typically only don't like children under the age of three or so. Something about how small children don't smell fully human to them, more like prey. Kahn my MC will stand up on his back legs and push over small children when they visit. Kind of like a warning that he is the alpha 4 legs or 2. 23lbs of pissed off Maine coon vs even a small adult. Would put money on the Maine coon to draw the most blood.","That is hilarious ","Right? I kinda want Kathy to be my guard cat when small children come around. ","Holy shit, one of my earliest memories is of my grandmother's cat running past three people to maul me, and bite both of my arms through three layers of winter coat, then run away.  That explains much.  I was like three years old.  They had to lock that demon fucker in a room when I visited. ","The main coon I raised from a tiny abandoned kitten once cornered a guy I brought home that she decided shouldn't be there. As in, he was on my bed backing into the corner trying to get away from her. \n\nTurned out to be a psycho though, so good kitty. ","Give your kitty some tuna for me.","What great title to read! ","Awww! A house tiger! :) ","More pics would be nice but can't complain. FLUFF!!!!!","Here you go! Some recent ones:\n\nhttp://imgur.com/a/vnvDm\n\nAnd some older ones from when he was a kitten:\n\nhttps://m.imgur.com/a/Ff5vE\n\nHope these links work, I'm not too good at sharing links correctly!","Those paws! Wow! Love the last one of you two. Very cute!","Thanks, yes he has huge paws :)","They worked perfectly fine, thanks!\nLawd Jesus, I really need to get a MC asap pronto","Those ear tufts!!!","Holy shit he's huge!","Adorable! I want a Maine Coon too :3","I love this cat &lt;3 ugh","/r/LazyCats ","Thank you! I didn't realise there was a sub for that.","sho floof","What a cute, cute kitty 💙","Khajiit has wares, if you have coin","I am the front page now.","Might qualify for /r/tuckedinkitties .\n","/r/mainecoons!","Lynx ears! I have a baby Maine Coon and he's got crazy ear fur....really hoping for the Lynx tufts.","That is a face of nirvanic bliss.  Nobody relaxes like a kitty","mlem","Kajit has wares if you have zzzzzzz....","Male? How old?\n\nAdorable, of course! Those too darn cute slit eyes, the massive maine, and the hairy pointed ears! ","Yeah he's male, but neutered. He has just turned 2 years old.","Aww. He's still basically a baby :)","He sure acts like a big goofy kitten, and he always looks so ashamed of himself whenever he does something dumb and he knows it! :)","Those ear tufts :)","Them coons are so awesome!","Hello there fellow human owned by a coonie.  Is your tiger also a giant sook?","Yes definitely :)","Racist... smh","&gt;Maine Coon\n\nthat's racist."],["It's okay guys. We put for a few seconds just to make a photo. We love this cat.\nThank You for taking care.","Really shouldn't have. Most lilies are toxic to cats. :( ","I've call to my mum. It is not lilies. It is look like it. I can assure that is not. ","Looks an an Amaryllis to me, distantly related to lilies, but no idea if they're toxic to cats.\n\nhttp://i.imgur.com/jejEEWq.jpg\n\nEDIT. Looks like they are toxic, but not to the same extent as lilies are. Still I'd be careful of the cat around it.\n\nhttp://www.petpoisonhelpline.com/poison/amaryllis/","It is definitely an amaryllis.  Source: I grew several rare varieties for a few years.","Came here to say this! The whole plant is toxic to cats, especially the pollen. Pollen can get on the cats fur by simply being near it, cat cleans itself and you have one sick kitty.\n","That is my favorite flower. ","It's either a really huge flower or a really tiny cat","Having come to check for \"OMFG LILLIES!\" comments and found that 6 are already mentioning it, I'll keep my mouth shut and just think \"nice photo!\" :)","Are those lilies????? If you made this pictures get them out and get your cats checked immediately... Cats can die in less then 12 hours from lilies... "]],"Simulated":[["The tread flying off at the end makes it.","i rather enjoyed the exhausts twirling around randomly","They're precision smog reducers! Actually the little tank is just completely adorable. It's like a little derp mobile.","Program Used | Rigidbody Simulation Time | Smoke Simulation Time | Rigidbody Render Time | Smoke Render Time | Total Rigid Body count\n------------|---------------|---------------|-----------|-------------|-----------------------\nBlender 3D | 20 Minutes | 2 hours | 7 Hours | 30 Hours | 2,490\n\n\n[Here is a .Blend file of my tank.](http://www.pasteall.org/blend/41564)\n\nI like it when a physics setup just works; make thing -&gt; point thing uphill -&gt; simulate -&gt; get something beautiful on the first go. Brings a tear to my eye ;‿;\n\nP.S. I 100% hate working with Blender smoke simulations.","I didn't even notice the smoke before reading your table. Totally not worth it.","yah 30 hours for that little puff","I felt bad for missing it, and went back to see it again for OP.","i really enjoyed it\n\nbut not 30 hours enjoyed","But if thirty people got one hour of enjoyment out of it, then it was worth it, right?","did anyone get a full hour out of it","The video's 13 seconds long and has 3944 upvotes, so total there has been at least 14 hours of enjoyment. So we're getting close.","that is fair, but also different than 30 people taking one hour each","~~Eh, the smoke simulation time was 2 hours. 30 hours total simulation time, if mobile reddit isn't deceiving me.~~","OP's table says it was 30 hours just to render the smoke","Oh I see, it's hard to follow it when the words are wrapped. ","i have spent zero hours simulating my reading comprehension apparently","Nope, my bad. I didn't see it clearly because of word wrap on my phone. ","It's pretty fun tho. The exhausts actually rotate","And that's probably what caused 2 hours sim time and 30 hours of rendering time.","A decent chunk of that might have been the part where the red tower falls through the puffs.","The smoke is awesome, but unfortunately it's not 30 hours awesome.","What? I noticed it right away on the first go round while viewing on my phone! Maybe 30 hours for it is a bit intense, but it was still awesome.\n\nAlso: Did anyone else feel strangely sorry for the little tank as it fell? I know it's silly but I got emotionally invested in the little feller.","opinions are like assholes ","Not every asshole has an opinion though.","As someone who knows nothing about rendering this simulation looks like you pointed the physics tank up hill and pressed play on the simulation. What are the render times for? Is that just how long it took for the program to calculate all of the physical effects going on or did you have some sort of manual input? ","I think the render times are for the graphical rendering. If you play pc games it's like setting the graphics to ultra and it goes frame by frame. Though intense physics can also make it go frame by frame","So why is it that I can get an physics engine that works in realtime like Algodoo or Nvidia Flex, but cool stuff like this takes hours to render? I was hoping to be able to mess around with this in realtime with Blender.","The time is primarily for rendering - I.e. Generating realistic photos and/or video.\n\nYou can mess with realtime physics in blender but you won't have all that nice simulated lighting you have herd","Oh cool. I know that the point of everything here is for it to look good so good lighting's important, I might mess around with ugly physics.","If you want realize that falls under the government of video game engines. When working with 3d assets utilizing blender, cinema4d, 3dsmax (the list goes on and on) the physics must be simulated and rendered. Simulation is exactly what you think, the process of calculating dynamics (using math none of us would ever want to do) and rendering is the calculation of light, materials, camera placement, motion and much more to determine what color pixel x of millions is (almost 1 million for one frame @ 1280x720.\nThe reason why it's not real time is its all done with the cpu. Video games utilize engines that preload and cache shaders, have already done the necessary calculations and have preset algorithms in place so that they can utilize a gpu to handle everything. Physics are still done on the cpu but video game physics aren't as accurate as fully simmed physics so they're less taxing. \nHope that helps...\n","It does, but what if you had physics with no shaders? Just gross black and white or random colors?","It still has to calculate geometry, you could have 1:1 perfect simmed physics of say for instance 2d particles, which is where plugins like x-particles and other point based physics systems come in.\nAs long as there is geometry and complex dynamics, the OP posted the non-rendered software display which doesn't look bad but it's not pretty. ","Simulation time refers to calculating the physics in one go and cache the simulation result to my RAM or Harddisk. This allows playback at near real-time to look for errors or behavior I don't want, it also allows me to animate my camera to something that I know isn't going to change.\n\nBut graphically what I get looks like [&gt;this&lt;](https://gfycat.com/RingedUglyGalapagosdove) basically looks like a videogame or worse.\n\nRendering is what turns it into well shadowed, glossy, motion blurred beautiful video.","That is very interesting. Thanks for explaining it.","What are your system specs?","* **processor:** core i7 5930K OC to 4.4GHz\n\n* **RAM:** 64 gigs\n\n* **GPU:** GTX980 Ti 6144 MB\n\nOnly reason I got the Ti instead of a normal GTX980 was because I wanted moar RAM for rendering\n\n","Our PC specs are almost the same, except I use an i7-5820K OC'ed to 4.3GHz. I don't regret getting 64 GB RAM for my 3D stuff. Money well spent.","Do you actually need that much RAM to do 3D rendering work or do you just like to have it just in case?","While I don't *need* that much RAM it's very nice to have.\n\nI do a lot of particle water stuff and cache it all to RAM because it's much faster. I can now simply leave multiple large projects open for the duration of working on them, have old revisions open for reference, stuff like that. I can easily walk past 30 gigs and not bat an eye.\n\nPreviously I would have to close one set of things to make way for another set and waiting for 5-10 gigs worth of stuff to load off the harddisk and into programs is a pain when I might be flip flopping between projects a lot.\n\nP.S. It comes in handy with games too, I can stuff MGS: V The Phantom Pain onto a 30 gig RAM disk and load maps faster than any SSD could.","Nice.","Damn, that's amazing. Now I want 64 gigs of RAM. ","Depends on the scene you're rendering. Complicated scenes eat RAM for breakfast.","According his post history (if he uses same machine without upgrading in 8 months):\n\nprocessor: core i7 930\n\nRAM: 24 gigs\n\nprimary GPU: GTX580 1536 MB\n\nslave GPU: GTX460 768 MB","I've upgraded since then :D The six year old I7 930 was really dragging my simulation times into the dirt.\n\nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/Simulated/comments/4g7u73/physics_driven_tank/d2fj2bx","[deleted]","Blender has problems with its smoke simulating and rendering that I'm now painfully aware of and I am now going to avoid using it until it's fixed.\n\nThis is actually 1/2 the reason I make these little animations is so I'm familiar with how it works and what kind of workflow I can expect when working on more important projects.","I use C4D, but it's same same really. I'm always test rendering stuff, just when I'm finishing for the day or whatever, to see if I'm going to run into something unexpected etc. Also, there's a few decent online render farms where you can upload your file to render in minutes. I'm on a 2011 i7 iMac, so I use them a bunch for my 3D stuff. I'll be switching to master race this year though - here's the one I use at the moment, it's surprisingly cheap now they've added more CPUs (3000) https://us.rebusfarm.net/en/ - There are plenty of alternatives though. ","Wow that's ancient hardware. OP should consider an upgrade ASAP","Are you able to control the camera aperture? ","yes! just mark the cam as active object, then its settings appear","That is amazingly fast. What is your machine's spec.","Honestly looks more like steam (i.e. dissipates too quickly) than smoke. Not worth it.","Don't listen to 'em OP, I think the smoke was kickass.","Are you in the industry? ","I just stumbled across this subreddit and this looks dope as shit, do you know if you can do these simulations on a cluster computing network? I have access to one and it would be cool to run it on a cluster to do longer simulations.","you gotta optimize that smoke render time man, that is way too long.","I know :C\n\nTurns out blenders adaptive domain for smoke has errors when rendering with a random chance to render a frame right vs rendering with black errors all over. Took a long time to fix it. not worth.","The rotating exhausts add a bit of hilarious whimsy to the whole deal though. What's really funny is for some reason I got emotionally invested in the little tank and as it drove off the edge I felt sad for the little booger!","Great work! What sort of license do you want to release this under? Obviously if I use it anywhere I'll credit you however you like - but do you mind me using it in YouTube videos that are monetised with advertising? ","The smoke looks great though. Except at the very end, when the image blurs. The smoke just vanishes unnaturally at that point.","&gt; The smoke just vanishes unnaturally at that point.\n\nYup, got frustrated how many errors and bad frames I was getting at that point. Stopped rendering and faded it out in compositing hoping no one would notice (or care)","Stick with particles for now, unless the smoke is the focus of your piece. Much easier to work with, and non-graphics-enthusiasts will never notice it, plus it should be faster. Other than that, this was fantastic work. If you were going for the red bricks acting like legos, you nailed it. ","The exhaust pipes.","We know you like spinners, so we put spinners on your exhaust pipes.","They were the best part","Great render! Just noticed the tiny spinning exhaust pipes &lt;3","Definitely one of the best simulations on this subreddit.","So juicy.","I love the vivid colors! And that struggle to pierce through the red block, wow. Great render!","Fantastic!","Contraption","in a world where almost everything is super fragile...\n\nPHYSICS TAAAAANK!","This so amazingly satisfying.","Just imagine - in ~10-15 years maybe we'll have real-time games looking like this.","Complete with spinny exhaust pipes.","Isn't literally everything physics driven?","Well yes. But what I'm referring to is how it's not a keyframed tank or simply an object that was 'thrown' in the right direction to make it crash into the bricks. It's got little physics motors with finite torque turning the wheels for me.\n\nor maybe I just wanted a title people would click on ;;;;)","Wow, that's absolutely amazing! Great job!\n\nI'm really impressed how well it runs, many physics driven sims can get a little wonky. ","DO more! on a bigger scale on a bigger board! make it go for longer running into various miscellaneous things!\n\nfk the smoke render. ","^ I posted my tank setup .blend in my main comment up above.\n\nIf you know enough about blender you could make your own scene for it to crash through.","A few noob questions/..1. How did you learn about blender and how to use it? 2. What hardware is best to render something like your simulation? Thanks","Learning a program like Blender is kinda like trying to learn a game like World of Warcraft, except you start at level 100 and there wasn't a tutorial.\n\nYou have to strip it down to the basics and take it in bite sized pieces like how the interface works, how to manipulate objects in 3D space, etc.\n\nThe best way to do this is to simply set yourself small incremental goals and use Blender a lot. Watch tutorials and copy them. [This is a good video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nHVYYMG3QVY); in the lower left corner it shows which hotkeys he uses and can give you a good idea of what features and keys get used most for moving objects and the camera around.\n\nWhen you get stuck try finding more specific info or tutorials about that issue, sometimes if you're **really** stuck, looking up the methods behind a feature can help, for example what does rigid body actually mean? what does convex hull collision mean?\n\nThe good news though, computer simulations are better-suited to work with very simple 3D models. Minimalistic designs can still be very good looking.\n\nAs for rendering, I used Blender's Cycles renderer which allows ray-tracing to be done on my graphics card. nVidia was the fastest at rendering and supported the most render features for a while but I hear AMD is catching up. Although rendering on your CPU isn't the end of the world if it's relatively new and high-end.\n\nMaking a render look *nice* is actually a skill-set itself separate from how technically good your render is(just look at the original Toy Story). Looking at references like how professionals light products or general real life lighting tutorials can mesh well with learning how lights work and look good inside a 3D program.\n\nLearning something new will always be frustrating but eventually the payoff will outweigh the pain. Hope this was helpful. :D","Thanks man really appreciate the reply will try this out.","\"Learning a program like Blender is kinda like trying to learn a game like World of Warcraft, except you start at level 100 and there wasn't a tutorial.\"\nI was a java web application programmer before I retired, which is probably one of, if not the most complicated system to learn.  After I retired I started playing with Blender and realized that it's just as complicated as java web applications development; a ton of stuff to learn and remember.","Hardware wise you want a beefy CPU with a ton of cores and GPU wise you want a big fat nVidia monster.","I could watch this all day","If you show this gif to people ten years ago their mind would totally explode.\n\nIt's amazing how far we've go.","this was so cool! can we get more of this types of simulations? from anyone really, not just OP\n\nbtw OP nice work!👍","That is beautiful. I'm so envious of you guys and your programming skills. I would learn just to play with these physics simulators and see what i could come up with.  More tanks pls :D","How do you make these things, I am a beginner","Cute tank!","Everything seems accurate except for the exhaust vents just spinning and doing whatever they want.","I don't know, if you look at the way the tower falls into its footprint at free fall speeds...","aw poor tank fell off and broke :(\n\nseriously though that's a pretty awesome simulation","That's neat!","When it lags a bit you get this illusion that the track is running in reverse.","Wow, Physics is a shitty driver.","Can I play this game?","I love this! The lighting is great :)","CHOO CHOO MOTHERFUCKERS","Fuck, I LIKE that","We need video games with these physics engines.","I think OP just discovered a new form of art because I could watch this for hours.\n","Here is a word cloud of every comment in this thread, as of this time: http://i.imgur.com/uJdRt9Q.png\n\n---\n\n[^[source ^code]](https://github.com/Winneon/makeswordclouds) [^[contact ^developer]](https://reddit.com/user/WinneonSword) [^[request ^word ^cloud]](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=makeswordcloudsagain&amp;subject=Requesting%20word%20cloud.&amp;message=%2Bcreate%20REPLACE_THIS_WITH_A_REDDIT_POST_PERMALINK)","lol it's like a slower version of the new Batmobile","Reminds me of Fantastic Contraption. ","I was a little sad when it flew into the void","This reminds me of that old iOS game, Jelly Car. Anyone remember that?","OMGGG It's so cute! :o","Holy shit this is gorgeous. Well done, op. ","Imagine having these effects in a game, oh wait, we could if people would only realize that PhysX is awesome (and AMD's equivalent)","They might be amazing, but they're still too slow. It took 20 minutes to simulate around 10 seconds of physics.","How far off do you think we are from having stuff like this in war games? I want to shoot a rocket at a building and see a fuck ton of bricks.","Red Faction Guerrilla was disappointing but it's as close as you can get right now.","Small buildings like the one in the OP might be reasonable in a few years when either processors are good enough to calculate physics fast, or when physics calculations are more optimised. But big buildings is going to be a looong while off. \n\nThe best option for things like that is split the building into bunches of bricks, you'd get better performance but it won't look as good.(it's essentially big bricks)\n\nAlternatively, \"build\" the buildings out of something bigger. I'd suggest some sort of panelling, but then you need to consider indentations from other rigid bodies. \n\nThere's too many variables to say for sure.","Rust is kind of like that.","Actually a real-time specialized physics engine could probably do this fast enough to build gameplay around it.\n\nAn example that comes close is a game called [Besiege](http://store.steampowered.com/app/346010/)\n\nMy tank by itself without the broken ground or the 5000 brick building simulates at 23 frames per second and could probably go faster with some optimization.\n\nBig game companies ignore massive physics because\n\n* console CPU power isn't going to get faster for a while\n* it's very hard to sync so many object over multiplayer","I have besiege. There's very few physics objects in the game, and the calculation like takes exponentially longer as you add more objects.","The simulation is so-so, but I love the smoothness.","Guys, pls no downvoterinoing this poor soul.\n\n/u/obviously_suspicious speaks the truth, everything surrounding the tank took maybe 30 minutes of setup. Though the tank took longer to make work it's still very simple (really, look at the .blend file. it's just hinges and motors).\n\nThe real reason people like my animation is because of the presentation and rendering like 60FPS to make it smooth, vivid colors so people click the thumbnail, not having any dead time at beginning or end to make it easy to watch over and over again.\n\nBut the fact still stands that if it were only the tank with nothing to crash into it would be 'so-so'. And if it were just a brick building falling over it would be 'bleh not another one'.\n\nAll these things work together to make something people like.","Thank you for reasonable attitude. This is another example of redditors using downvotes for disagreeing.","when will we be able to render these in the matter of minutes and apply it to VR?","Top gear did it first","Do this with 2 tall towers and some airplanes and see what happens...","Now simulate the engines :o\n\nEdit: I just thought it would be cool... :'|","WTF do you mean, \"physics-driven\"?","I have the weirdest boner right now."],["I loved it. The music made it perfect!","Holy shit that was comical. Lmao","I don't care if it's not accurate, I loved it! :D","render time?","About a month-ish on my desktop which has an amd 6 core phenom II and 8 gigs of ram. Not the greatest setup ever (threw it together like 5 years ago), and unfortunately I can't use my gpu because of AMD driver limitations. I was initially going to use [sheepit](https://www.sheepit-renderfarm.com/) but the individual frame render time was too high, so I just let in run on my computer in the background for a while.","Nice one! Is this in LuxRender?","Thanks! Nope just plain old cycles :)","I bet you had fun! I loved it!"],["first get some comfortable pants","Im always in comfortable pants! :D","https://www.reddit.com/r/Simulated/comments/35jhz8/getting_started_with_3d_simulations_megathread/ From the sidebar :)","Start with blender. It's free, and you can do almost anything on it.","Thanks! /u/wolfy21_ sent me a link of how I can get started with blender","I know you said 3D, but if you're interested in some casual physics fun you could check out /r/oeCake","Thanks! Can be good to have some physics in the backbone of the 3D creating! :)","Was more thinking, is there any sites that provide help? Any programs that is recommended I could use? ","Not sure if you already got your answer, but Blender. It's very robust so may take some time to getting to know what the buttons do, but once you discover keyframes it all flows from there.","I got it yesterday but today is the day I will start with it! :D much to learn from now, hopefully with success! ","youtube.  There are many blender tutorials on youtube. With youtube remember that you can change the speed of a video by clicking on the gear icon; I typically increase it to 1.25."]],"tumblr":[["Read this as Bronzies","holy shit me too, wtf.\n\nthought it was about league","You can tell when a post is just plain good because it has no comments.\n\nWait, shit.","You fucked up. ","You played yourself ","[Honestly...](http://i.imgur.com/9MsrR73.jpg)","Sometimes reddit is like a game of 'spot the hurtful stereotypes'.","fuck","The hashtag was better than the post.\n\nEdit: Can someone explain to me why this was so universally hated? I ask out of genuine curiosity.","\\#you nerds had better upvote this","[removed]","As long as they aren't those obsessive ones they are OK in my book. Had a classmate who watched mlp. We talked sometimes","I had a classmate (back in highschool) who watched mlp and for the literacy magazine (where students write short  stories for a magazine the school sells) he wrote a 15 page mlp fanfic with a frankly shocking amount of pony lesbian sex. We didn't talk much.","That's weird. How did they even publish that?","They didn't. When he was told that they couldn't publish it he got really angry and aggressive and said that they were \"censoring his art\" and violating his free speech etc. Also it's worth noting that to be in the mag the story would have to be somewhat good (they rejected lots of submissions), and even if the story had been pg and not about ponies it still would have been rejected, because the writing was terrible.","What's his Reddit username?\n\nEdit: what, are we acting like that guy *doesn't* post on Reddit?","No but they're not gonna let you harass the kid","Rhetorical question. I don't *actually* want his name.","It probably didn't get published, only submitted. ","The fandom confuses me, you have these people making awesome art and cosplays then you have the weirdos. I mean, its a good show and all, but nothing to obsess over. ","Don't say that to the girl in my bio lab that literally dresses like a fucking cat every day. ","You should bring in a feather toy or a ball of yarn and see if it distracts her.","Here's the thing about her: she's never actually owned a cat.","Oh gosh. Sounds like some deep-seated childhood issue. Parents said she could never have a cat, but that was okay. After all, the neighbor's cat, Mister Jingle Mitts, would always come over and play with her. But, one day he stopped showing up and the neighbors said Mister Jingle Mitts disappeared (as cats do). So she asked her parents again, but of course they said \"No,  we're sorry sweetheart, but daddy's allergic. We can never get a kitty.\" So she pretended to have an imaginary pet kitty and as she grew up.... she became that kitty.  ","No one is turning themselves into a goddamn cat with my money!","That's literally every fandom","Literally any and all fandoms have weirdos. I love Wreck it Ralph, but I know there is so much Ralph/Vanelope porn. I love Rooster Teeth but I know there are plenty of Gav/Barb ships. I've even seen sexy weeping angels out of the Dr Who fandom. ","I like RT too, seeing how much they look at rule 34, they should have a demo disc looking at rule 34 of rt","It's a good show? I mean, I guess it's well drawn. It's for kids, though. ","It's a good show, but you don't have to be a kid to enjoy it. It can be enjoyed by all ages. ","My wife watched every single episode of Phineas and Ferb and the episodes I saw with her were fantastic. I don't think something being made mainly for children makes it bad for adults. Some shows are just super fun for all ages. If Phineas and Ferb is great for an adult, why not MLP?","Normally a show for kids is made simple, has simple plots and simple characters. It differs from show to show, but most of them are like that. ","Most *bad* kids shows are like that. Good ones have characters that work on two levels, one where they're amazingly stereotypical, and one where they're really fleshed out and have long running motivations that you can read into if you pay attention. \n\nBut really, it seems like every show with multiple writers and a decently sized cast does that. Star Trek almost always had a big enough cast that some characters are just around to fulfill their stereotype and then get out of the way of a story. Kirk runs into an injured life form, waves over McCoy, who scans it with the tricorder, frowns, says something, Kirk doesn't get it, Spock gets it and makes a comment, Kirk keeps looking confused, McCoy explains better, Kirk understands, asks if McCoy can do anything, \"Dammit, Jim, I'm a doctor, not a _\" and then Kirk runs off to shoot/punch/screw somebody/thing. \n\nThere, I just described roughly a quarter of the original series. I could do the same with Ponies (to a lesser extent as the series went on), but I could do the same with House (\"It's never lupus\"), or any of a ton of other formulaic shows like that. The characters take their turns developing behind their stereotypes, but the stereotypes don't change much. That's just the nature of most TV, and even the shows which attempt to avoid that kind of slice-of-life-ness seem about evenly split between older and younger audiences. \n\nEdit: I guess the full sequence actually has Spock explain what McCoy said, and then Kirk goes \"but what does that have to do with _?\", and then McCoy drops the bombshell plot twist, and then Kirk asks if McCoy can do anything..., or there's a commercial break. ","You mean literally every fanbase ever that has more than just 12 year old kids in it?","Oh shit, when I was the editor of our literary magazine we had a brony submit fanfic, too. His wasn't about pony sex, though, it was the introduction to an entire book he had written about some kind of pony war. ","The same goes with fans of anything. Harry Potter, Doctor Who, Anime, MLP, Star Trek, even Hockey or Football. As long as you don't go overboard, it's chill.","Also, I don't think you should make a big deal you watch it. No one is really interested, :/","I used to be pretty into it. I have some shirts and other merch, and I even went to a con once. I kinda fell out of it, but I can still honestly say I like the show,  even if I mainly watch it with my 4 year old sister now. ","I would like to go to a bronycon. How was it? ","It was fun. It was DerpyCon, in New Orleans. It was really small, but there were a lot of cool people there and the cosplays were pretty neat. There wasn't much in the way of panels or anything, but the artists tables were awesome. ","That sounds really cool, thanks for sharing","I had a classmate who openly admitted to jerking off to MLP.","That's definitely a healthy sexual fantasy with no concerning underlying psychological issues.","/r/clopclop","yep","nope, that's why they have the free time and numbers to DV you\n\n**TRUMP 2016**","what?"],["Oh jesus christ, I've done this. I've actually done this","I can't believe you've done this","ah, fock","How does that make you feel?","I am okay with it.","**me:** me too thanks","\"What are you playing at?\" -me","\"Who paid you to say that?\"","I'm so glad I'm not the only person who says cool beans in real life. ","I usually say \"shut up.\"","Free ticket to dumpsville ","Shouldn't it be Awesome Sauce?"],["Fucking Tumblr green text man","Thanks for not putting the punch line in the title.","For those interested this kind of joke is called a shaggy dog story. \n\nhttps://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shaggy_dog_story\n\nMy personal favorite:\n\n\nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/1t5etd/ving_and_ling/?sort=confidence","Reminds me of the longest joke of all time. ","snake and lever?","Yeah. I love that shit","If you haven't read it, shame on you, but you might as well go read it now. After all, ___________.","I disagree. A shaggy dog story is pointless and anticlimactic. This looks like a regular fairy tale and has a punchline after the climax.","what am i even supposed to react with? it's just a story?","It's a pun. ","## **OH SHIT**","I think I'm still missing it. ","&gt;living well\n\na well that is alive  \nliving your life in a good way","Living well. ","last line","Oooohhh shit","I usually hate puns, but this is incredibly clever! Can I please have more idiom puns?","Just Google \"4chan bait green text\" this is a classic method of storytelling there.","[This](http://slatestarcodex.com/2013/04/01/a-good-pun-is-its-own-reword) is a post about puns by the guy who wrote the pun in OP's image.","[that pun](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JCdCLgZrBI)","&gt;youtube\n\n dont got time or battery for that shit"]],"sports":[["Tradition states you shouldn't keep an opposing team's home run. Unless it is actually worth something.\n\nThen keep it.","[deleted]","Seems an incredibly specific thing to prepare for given the odds of catching a home run ball","Dude, everyone brings a mitt to the game.  Just in case someone pulls a hamstring and they start substituting with fans or something.","Can confirm, this happened with Junior 6 or 7 times.","Also in my favorite sports documentary Rookie of the Year. ","Did he say \"funky buttlovin'\"?","Yeaaah! This is why I always dress like a Captain when I go flying, In case the pilot or co-pilot had the fish meal midway through our flight. ","I have season tickets just above the home team dugout on the third base side.  I get probably 5 balls a year whether it be a foul or from a player throwing it to us.  I keep a switcheroo ball on me to give to little kids so I don't look like a greedy old bastard :(....","You greedy old bastard","Well even with small odds, not like it hurts to bring a ball, nothing to lose.","Except a ball","that's only lost in exchange for a better ball","My ex-wife exchanged a pair of balls for another once. Last I heard, it's not working out like she hoped.","Savage","ive been exploiting the economics of this situation for quite some time now. generally i sneak several generic baseballs in by stuffing them up my ass, and then sell the poop-covered baseballs to mariners fans  ","/u/semenpenis sounds like he knows what he's talking about, y'all. \n\nSidenote: as a Seattle resident + non-fan of the Mariners, poop covered baseballs would be a step up from the shit I have to watch from them each season.","Hey. Braves fan here. Everybody fuck off.","Still drink my morning coffee out of the '95 WS mug","Not true. I could lose that ball a million ways.","If I don't own a baseball to begin with, now I gotta go find a ball.","throw a tennis ball\n","You might enjoy this:\nhttp://www.odditycentral.com/news/baseball-fan-has-caught-over-5800-home-run-and-foul-balls.html\n\nI think there's even a bigger documentary on him.","You lose pocket or bag space","Correct. Need that space for tot storage.","Yep:  http://i.imgur.com/oVKyDNc.jpg","[Or....](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cQruSrslSU)","This kid will grow up to be the guy who orders takeout for a date and passes it off as his own cooking.","Tge ol' steamed ham switcheroo. ","https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDUIGvpDolw\n\nYou know: just in case.","The kid had already gotten a ball earlier and he gave her that one. I saw an interview with him but can't find it. I swear. Also, you don't know my girlfriend; she's from Canada.\n\nIn the last shot, you can see that the kid to his right has one too. Sitting in those seats, being little kids, they probably got 5-6 that day.","I know, I was more concerned with the idea though...\n\nWhat does your girlfriend have to do with anything? ","Because I had no way to prove what I was saying, just that I said so. You know, like my girlfriend, who is totally real. You guys just don't know her or any of her friends because she's not from around here.","My dad pulled the switcheroo when I was a kid. We caught a ball during batting practice, then he catches a 3 run homer hit by Jay Buhner.\n\n\nEveryone starts chanting \"THROW IT BACK,\" so he sits down, swaps the balls and throws back the ball from batting practice as I watch in horror.","\"Dad, that's a tennis ball.\" -_-","That would be the funniest switcheroo ever. Just throws a tennis ball out onto the field.","It's also something that players can sign.","Unless you're [this guy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zack_Hample) who has caught over 8,000 balls, including A-Rod's 3000th ~~homerun~~ hit.\n\nOver 20 years of bringing my glove to the ballpark I've never even been close.","3000th hit which happened to be a home run. I won't even snark about the steroid era in response to a typo. Sorry to let Reddit down. ","I cant stand this guy. By all accounts, Im a pacifist but I just want to punch this guy in the face so bad. He's the perfect mixture of desperation and smugness. Watching him hustle all over ball parks, lying and deceiving players, coaches, and fans alike just to get a worthless $2 piece of rubber and leather. He steals chances for little kids to leave a game with a token of the great memory they'll have going to the ballpark and he's smug about it. He's so pathetic just [look at the guy.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRwk6W22EAc) Worst. Person. Ever. (that isnt doing anything illegal or harming anyone else)","Idk. A friend of my mine has season tickets and he catches 2-3 home run balls a year.","Must be a Rockies fan.","As someone who doesn't know much about baseball what exactly is this joke referencing?","Home runs are hit more often at the Rockies stadium. Due to the altitude in Denver, theres less air resistance on the balls hit. So in other stadiums where it may be a fly out to outfield, it will probably be a home run in Denver. ","Allstar99 baseball.   It had the Denver mechanics.   That game was super easy to hit home runs.   \n\n\n6 hours in and only at the third inning the game finally crashes.    I had a score into the few hundreds.    Even the pitcher was hitting homeruns.   ","Some cool things happen at high altitude. My college is at nearly 8,000 feet and we can't be counted for ncaa records because of it. Marathon type events are slower because ultimately your body is getting less oxygen, but sprint events are faster because the air is thinner/less dense and provides less air resistance.\n\n\nIn a similar vein, a non turbo charged car can lose a lot of its horsepower at this altitude, but a turbo charged car can keep the atmo pressurized, not lose any power and be faster because there is less air resistance. ","And planes need longer runways.","Coors Field is particularly conducive to home run batting. Something about the size of the stadium and elevation? The ball is supposed to travel 9% farther at 5,280 feet than at sea level. It's the most prolific offensive field in baseball history. ","[deleted]","I have had a 28 game package for 4 years now, in home run alley in Left Field, in the 4th row.  Never got one.  Came close once.  Your friend must be quite lucky.  Or low attendance.","If there's even a 1% I can catch that ball, I have to treat it as an absolutely certainty!","Same reason people bring baseball gloves to a game","There's a science to catching them if you know what you're doing. Some guy makes a living off of it iirc, would find link but on mobile. ","Do you know how many people bring gloves to games? It's the same thing.","Some people get to games early for batting practice and grab home run or foul balls there. Much easier than bringing your own and if you dont catch one, you still get a souvenir ","Huh... but it's still not worth anything, right? The only way to convince anyone that you actually have the real game ball would be to show them the footage of you catching it. I guess you'd know. But you'd also apparently know that keeping it was some kind of betrayal to your team.","MLB has an authenticator at every game that will put a sticker on it for you to prove your memorabilia is real. But it looks like you have to bring it to them as it happens at the game, not on a later date\n\nhttp://mlb.mlb.com/mlb/authentication/program.jsp","Reninds me of this [Cassanova](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=8cQruSrslSU)","Holy shit.  I've seen that clip 10 to 20 times but never noticed he gave her a decoy ball.  This may be the smoothest kid in the entire world.","http://m.mlb.com/video/topic/6479266/v32952311/tortex-young-fan-gives-decoy-ball-to-pretty-lady","http://youtu.be/m9Ep94dPGwE","Guy in front of me in the Wrigley bleachers did it once. Took it out of his back pocket and threw it on the field. Everyone was very confused seeing two balls laying next to each other on the field.","While tradition states that you're supposed to throw it back, some ballparks strictly enforce a \"no throwing things on the field\" rule and will eject you if you do this.","Then how will you ever find the next Henry Rowengartner?","Throw him the cheese! Throw him the high, stinky limburger!","Did he say \"[Funky butt-lovin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Nd693I5X1E)'?\"","I haven't seen Rookie of the Year in about a decade and just realized that's what they were referencing in this [Workaholics](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QIhEwXGY_oM) episode","No ballpark is going to kick a fan out for throwing back an opposing team homerun. \n\nEdit: well shit, I was wrong. Dude was kicked out of the Rockies stadium recently. http://www.nydailynews.com/sports/baseball/family-kicked-rockies-game-throwing-ball-back-article-1.2602988","&gt; http://www.nydailynews.com/sports/baseball/family-kicked-rockies-game-throwing-ball-back-article-1.2602988\n\nWow. I was sitting next to this guy. The entirely section booed the staff so hard when they pulled him out. ","Fun in major league baseball?  That's an ejection from the stadium. ","My favorite part.\n&gt; On Thursday, the Rockies told CBS that only Sanchez was told to leave the stadium, not Jayden and Jeramiiah.\n\nWe only kicked out the adult guardian. The unattended children could have stayed if they wanted to do so.","Damn Rockies, chill out.","Fenway kicks you out for doing it ","Not Wrigley though, right?  For some reason I was under the impression Cubs fans started this.","That guy doesn't even look like he's following any sort of tradition.  \n\nHe seems to generally not want the ball anywhere around him. ","\"You touched it... now the team is cursed. Just gonna toss it away like you just tossed our season with your cursed hands. Thanks a lot.\"","it looks exactly like hes following the tradition. When the away team hits a homerun and it comes right to you, that reaction makes sense. its a \"fuck this\" reaction","\"I'm disgusted that this came within arms reach while my team's not at bat.\"","Everyone can kiss my ass...if i catch a homerun ball by anyone. ... I'm keeping it.","A fan from Philly refusing to throw things on the field?!?!?1?  What's next, cats and dogs living in harmony?","this is the kind of tradition created by salty fans who never catch a homerun ball i feel like. ive seen people booed when they dont throw it back too...","Is it acceptable to find a child, and give it to them?","Only if you proceed to through said child on the field.\n\nEdit:  Should be \"throw\".  Me fail English, that's unpossible.","I can get seats right on the Brewers dugout and you get at least one ball a game. Against the Cubs after the game I was looking for a kid to give it to and spotted a dad with his Brewers fan daughter and Cubs fan son. I walked over handed her the ball, turned to the younger son, looked him square in the eyes and said \"I'd give you one too but Cubs fans don't get game balls.\"  The dad got a good laugh out of it and the young cub fan got an important lesson in disappointment which will surely help him out in the future.","I appreciate the look on his face when he tosses the ball back.  Exactly the right amount of disgust.","Like tossing a dead mouse into the gutter.","Like pushin' grandma down the stairs.","Or putting a hamster in a sock and flinging the sock on furniture.","Or putting a hamster in a sock, flinging the sock at Grandma, who trips over the furniture, knocking her down the stairs","And then the hamster is launched into a gutter","Bitch loves to tumble.","Fuck that. I keep the ball, put in my room and eventually lose it and forget about it.","I have a game ball, from about 1993 padres vs braves. Its in a sandwich bag at my parents house. \n\nDo I need it? no not really. worth anything? I think not.\n","It's worth about the price of an old, used baseball.","damn. Been hanging onto it for 23 years, should have just thrown it back into the stadium. ","I sure it has more value to you than other people. I'd hang on to it and pass it off to your kid or something.","Also make up a better story.  \n\n\"This is the baseball my father caught on his first date with my mother\"","Tony Gwynn wasn't the only one that got to third base twice that night. ","Is the stadium still there? It may not be too late.","A sandwich bag?\n\nYou should at least upgrade to a milk bag you heathen!","It must've been a slider","Hey-o!","https://media.giphy.com/media/9wHtWs7MJct1u/giphy.gif","Milk....bag...?","Yes.  A milk bag.  And before you ask, we have a much harder time finding missing Canadian children than our American brothers...","[you guys are the weird ones, paying a buck extra for plastic](https://junkdrawer67.files.wordpress.com/2011/10/milk-bag.jpg)","http://www.marketingmag.ca/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/Screen-shot-2015-04-02-at-12.54.53-PM.png","I didn't realize how much I wanted this.","Why?  So all of your beer can go flat at once?","You're assuming it'll spend enough time in the bag to go flat.","I wish more things came in bags, so much easier to dispense into containers. I've been getting hand soap in bags, but it could be used for so much more - bag shampoo, bag body wash, bag ketchup. I like bags.","what about a bag of bags?","Ask any British person, [we've all got those.](http://i3.mirror.co.uk/incoming/article6603041.ece/ALTERNATES/s615b/PAY-teso-bag.jpg)","Why do you have anti-theft tags on bags that run 10p? Is that really necessary?","It's because by law you can't get free bags from shops any more. I think it was a temporary thing while people adjusted (and stopped stealing them out of spite). ","&gt;TESCO GLORIOUS FOOD","You need a [bag hutch.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gdAJefPME4)","How is a bag that can't keep its shape easier to dispense out of than a bottle or a carton that's solid with a nice purposfully shaped hole to pour out of?","Northern Wisconsin and Minnesota sell milk in a bag. Not sure about any other states","The 11th and 12th provinces.","Must be a regional thing-- but where do people get milk in bags?","Canada, Ontario and east.","Canada?","Only in the east. We in Alberta use cartons like a civilized society. ","Alberta; Civilized.\n\nHuh.\n\nEveryone is allowed their own small delusion.","Only so far east,  I had never seen a milk bag in Newfoundland.","Yeah, but you don't see electricity often in Newfoundland either!","New Brunswick has both cartons and bags","Nobody cares about New Brunswick! ","It doesn't have a good mall.\n","As someone who's moving from Ontario to Edmonton, the biggest adjustment by far will be going to the store and not instinctively looking for the bagged milk.","They have them in Wisconsin but when I lived in Michigan I never heard of them. ","I'd pay upwards of $30, depending on exactly what game it was.\n\nLong time Braves fan here, looking for *anything* to spice up my sports life right now.","Are balls marked with the game they were from or anything?","He's just releasing it back into the wild, where it belongs","Return from whence you came!","Put that thing back where it came from or so help me!","We're rehearsing for a play. ","We're just rehearsing for a play at the Blandford Recreation Centre.","A bit more successful than Gob though","Until you are complete \"agay-n\".","It belongs in a museum. ","'Would you like to release Voltorb into the wild? \n\n &gt;yes\n\n &gt;no' ","[Yep, I could use this.](http://i.imgur.com/YCSl221.gif)","You are supposed to throw it back if you catch a home run by the opposing team","This kid did it right, https://youtu.be/_s-uoh_QGSE\n Better one https://youtu.be/CsLOzF-Gt74","This kid knows what's up: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cQruSrslSU","Jesus christ. I'm in my thirties and I know for a fact that kid could teach me moves for days. Amazing. So instinctual. Pure smooth.","Just hope the ladies don't see the video go viral later on.","Or hope the ladies see it and see how fucking smooth they got played and what a baller that kid was","That was smooth like butter on a bald monkey.","\"He could play Center Field for the Phillies\"\n\n¯\\\\\\_(ツ)_/¯","some nice arms you got there... you could probably play center field for us too","Coach: \"You got one arm?\"\n\nRookie CF: \"Nope just a claw.\"\n\nCoach: \"As long as you can catch and throw that'll do.\"","[This kid did it better.](http://i.imgur.com/JndgmVY.gif)","http://i.imgur.com/F5mksR8.gif","Love the kid logic, \"Ball ain't for keepin', they're for throwing.\"","Love how the mom is like wtf? And the other kid is like nice throw, get the hell out the way mom, I wanna see how far he threw it.","Looks like the dad didn't even notice.","Funky-butt-lovin!","Give him the cheese! The hot, stinky cheddar!","Did you say Funky Butt-lovin?","Ha!  Gary Busey.","Oh shit I totally forgot he was in that movie","So is the Janitor from Scrubs...","HOW AM I DOIN' TODAY GARY BUSEY!","It didn't even dawn on me until the other day, that kid went on to become Kevin in the American Pie movies and Walt Disney in the  \"Walt Before Mickey\" biopic.","Doesn't the announcer specifically reference this in the audio at the end?","Saw that coming. lol","Haha...random shot at the Phillies in a Cubs v Dodgers game.","I keep seeing Cubs fans throwing back balls. Do the Cubs have a really bad pitcher or something?","Not this year. ","Be careful where you do this. Some ballparks have rules about throwback balls. Just the other day, a guy and his kid was thrown out of Coors Field for this. ","Turner Field (Braves) will throw you out.\n\nOr they would have before like 2013. Now they will just beg you to stay, and come back next week, or ever again...\n\n;_;","You're only allowed to throw beer bottles and trash","Kinda like Toronto?","The fans at Wrigley will throw you out if you don't throw it back ","Why would they throw people out for chucking the ball back? ","wastes time. player has to go get the ball, and they're not gonna toss it back into the bleachers where it came from in case it gets thrown back *again*, so they have to toss it across the field to a dugout which takes longer (not by that much really, but still longer). there's also the potential for hitting a player with the thrown-back ball.","Because baseball is otherwise such a fast-paced thrill ride.","lame","Rogers Centre (where this was done) will also kick you out. ","You misspelled SkyDome. How embarrassing. ","Looks like she's saying throw it back as she hands it to him","that's exactly what she's saying. Smart couple.","\"Ughhh another Donaldson home run, we already have like 5 of these\"","he threw that ball away like it has herpes. i like the look of hatred for that ball he displays","I would keep it and have no regrets. I've been to dozens of games and only got close once. I really want a home run ball. ","Hi Giphy, I'm a phone. Can you please make Giphy responsive? Thanks :)","Pretty sure she wrote 'Let's Have a Baby' on it.","She says \"throw it back\" ","I thought she mouthed \"do it\"","[removed]","Hit People and Milk Baseball are my favorite. ","Maybe they thought Major League Baseball needs this more than us.","Now, what I'm really interested in knowing, is who hit that homer???","So I was at Rogers Centre last year and asked an usher about this, you will be ejected if they catch you doing that, which is STUPID!\n\nI mean, if it's the middle of the next play, ok.... or if you're an idiot and do this.\n\nhttp://news.nationalpost.com/sports/mlb/fan-throws-back-toronto-blue-jays-home-run-ball-in-new-york-hits-yankees-outfielder-brett-gardner-in-the-head\n\nAnyway, I hope they didn't toss this guy.\n\nAll that said, if you give it to a kid around you, you'll make his month.","She says \"Throw it away\" read her lips","I t looks like she says \"Throw this away\"","I think she says \"you do it.\"","hot ice","But the space is even better if used for pocket spaghetti. That's why we have 2 pockets. One for spaghetti, one for tots!","Here is a guy doing it twice and filming it . \n\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYFmATaSWqA&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=4m20s\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Jz1frS57x4&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=2m23s\n\n","I've heard of people playing catch with them in the meantime but it's probably just another one of those apocryphal stories.","Circa 1997? ","What?","I'm from Toronto. I would guess that this was from around 1997. ","this was from today's game","Seriously? The jerseys look like that still? ","Its pretty rare. I think these people would be hard pressed to find 5 videos of a fan throwing another ball back. I think its mainly tradition  at wrigley. Or maybe fenway i forget. I've only seen one video and it was an old timer","Lifelong baseball fan. It's tradition in some places more than others, but can happens all the time elsewhere, too.","Ever notice how many people bring baseball gloves to games, just in case?","It's easier to hit home runs at Coors Field, where the Colorado Rockies play, because of science and shit. \n\nSomething to do with higher altitude and thinner atmosphere. \n\nI'm 99% sure it's baseball bro science, and I've never looked into it, but it seems like there's some truth behind it. \n\nMaybe Coors Field has a shorter outfield, too. ","Or it's just the Rockies pitching blows.","The outfield isn't particularly short and the fence isn't low either","I've also heard somewhere (not sure where) that different stadiums prepare the balls differently i.e. some keep game balls in a humidifier and others in a dehumidifier to make the balls come off the bat harder or softer. ","They used to, but I believe that was stopped a few years ago.","Pretty sure we still do. Also pretty sure we're the only team in the league that can have one because of the altitude and dry air. ","I think you mean shorter outfield. ","Yup my bad. Edited.","It's not a shorter field... It's one of the biggest in the league. It's 415 ft to straight away center and 350 ft down the lines. It's just all about the lack of air resistance, and that's no bro science at all. ","&gt; Turner Field (Braves) will throw you out.\n\nAnother reason why the Suburban Braves are shit. ","Well to be fair people have really  been throwing their body weight behind some items there...... ","Ehhh, I [dunno man, this guy](https://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/3k9i69/dodgers_fan_records_himself_catching_a_baseball) has caught quite a [quite a few home runs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZdqEEMFg-vQ&amp;list=PL7704ABC0DB312710&amp;feature=plcp)..\n\nedit: found his reddit post","Rockies fan, I feel your pain bro","Mt. Doom \n\nDeploy the Fellowship of the Baseball ","stop trying to make wrigley, its not going to happen.\n\nps Toronto, stop voting liberal you stupid gits","We have bag RO water here. The bag is eventually biodegradable too so you can toss it in the garbage and not feel bad.  \nIt nice for trips or hikes because you just fold the empty bag up and pack it at the bottom of your bag. Instead of a bulky empty jug or a few crushed bottles.","If you want your drink served in bags, just move to a third world country.","Such an idiot!","But see if everyone brings a ball, the odds go way up! ","kind of looks like she's says \"go ahead\" and he reluctantly throws it back because he needs permission to do it and she is queen of his world. \n\n\"go ahead...you may do this pleb\" \n\n\"fine im doing it bc i want to though, not bc u said i could\" ","Funky Buttlovin was my work password for a while. Now it's... not that. ","Not that is a horrible password.","You would think! Check out this guy's channel. He's got at least 4 videos of filming himself catch balls at Dodgers games. \n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/user/dodgerfilms","high altitude == balls travel farther == more home runs","It's impolite to keep a ball you didn't pay for.","Nice Post TDameritrade.","She has a Kate Upton vibe going on. He's doing something right. ","now thats something i dont see everyday","Because some people, given a small dose of power, will lord it over others to make themselves feel special. ","Wut?","#BECAUSE SOME PEOPLE, GIVEN A SMALL DOSE OF POWER, WILL LORD IT OVER OTHERS TO MAKE THEMSELVES FEEL SPECIAL. \n***\n\n##[^^^I ^^^am ^^^a ^^^bot, ^^^and ^^^I ^^^don't ^^^respond ^^^to ^^^myself.](https://np.reddit.com/r/CantHearYouBot/)","Nice TIL, I think she says \"throw it away\" anyway.","You guys spent all your karma in the 90's, now you guys fuck off for a while!","http://youtu.be/XRWxJiMM3Jg\n\nJust the first scene .","You can 'ave em","The Rockies play their home games in Coors Field, and the elevation of the stadium causes thinner air than most parks in the league. Because of this, Coors Field has a higher than normal home run count because the thin air causes the ball to travel further than normal with less resistance. ","Was there a dog playing at one point?","You don't lose the space, you occupy it temporarily. ","True but that space is essentially lost from the time it enters your pocket/bag until the time it is removed","I think it was a 30 for 30, very educational","You mean the one about legendary Cubs pitcher Henry Gardenhoser?","Heh.. men penis","When someone offers a piece of advice that you didn't ask for","Leave him","You had Ichiro. Felix Hernandez used to be good.","thats 2 players and 0 playoffs","Wrong, two players, 1 playoffs. Ichiro's rookie year.","Would you rather have 0 players and 2 playoffs? ","yeah, itd be better to watch a team with no HOFers make the playoffs than watch 2 good players (1 of whom only plays once every 5 days) and 23 shit players. ","I've got the twins to vaguely pay attention too, so with how they have been last many years I watch less and less.","Try being a Cubs fan. This season is so weird.\n","Just ride the weird man, we were like 0-9 for a bit worse start. Then 5 straight wins. Been watching hockey but that's done so time to half ass watch the twins until the Vikings come. But hey the Timberwolves are highly talked about and Vikings getting some love so some ups right?","Absolutely. I don't pay attention to basketball much but I'm a Vikings fan and fallow the Blackhawks in the second half of their season. ","I just picked all the Minnesota teams to follow when young and called it good. The twins and the lynx have won championships in my life, so it's going great lol. I don't blame you for taking Blackhawks.","I was born in Chicago but moved my parents moved back out to Iowa to be closer to their parents after a few health scares when I was 5 and now I fallow the teams my dad fallowed. He just never fallowed the bears because they're the Bears.","Yes, Robinson Cano, Nelson Cruz, Kyle Seager and Iwakuma are all \"shit players.\"","15 years of no playoffs *kindaaaaaaaa* wears on you.","tell me about it. ","As a Blue Jays fan, I feel you. The drought sucks man. Hopefully we don't need to wait another 23 years.","in b4 Cubs fans.","Bills fans understand. ","As do dolphins fans.....Damn patriots","If it's anything like us in Pittsburgh, give it another 5 years.","There are no playoffs or World Series.  Just extra Yankees games.","But look what it did for the Blue Jays, eventually you'll lose on the ALCS and spend all winter cursing some fuckwaffle with a shitty Amish beard.","We understand.\n~ Cleveland ","Hornets just won their first playoff game in 14 years.  Bee-lieve it!","Am Dallas Cowboys fan. Can confirm.","Browns fan checking in","Felix is still a #1 or 2 on most teams. The Mariners have wasted his good years and now he may never see the post season unless we trade him to a contending team. God damn Mariners :(","Good god man, it's \"wasted\".","Lol, one spelling error and you get your panties in a bunch","We used to have Randy Johnson, Ken Griffy Jr., A-Rod, Edgar Martinez, Jay Buhner, Dan Wilson, Joey Cora, Mike Blowers...still waiting on that Mariners World Series one day :')","And the Yankees have been trying to get Felix for years.","We dont need him now. I mean, he could replace CC, but we need offense. Dead last in the league for runs scored.","Actually, if Seattle had played its cards right and opened up the Nintendo cash books, they could have run out a lineup of  Ichiro, Bret Boone, Arod, Ken Griffey Jr, Edgar Martinez, and John Olerud as its hitters with Randy Johnson as their ace.  ","you take that back","He used to be good. He's still good, too.","you obviously haven't watched felix throw this season. or bothered to look at his stats","Obviously","Felix Hernandez still has one of the best era's in baseball consistently. Just because he has one or two games a year where he gives like 10 hits 6 walks and still only gives up 7 runs, doesn't mean he's bad. Plus Ichiro wasn't that cool. He had a shitty attitude the whole time and didn't do much to win us games. Cool he got a ground ball single at least once a game and broke the hit record but  that is about it.","Ichiro needs 36 hits to break Pete Rose's record for most Professional Baseball hits in a career. The only player to hit 200 hits in 10 straight seasons... he was really really good. He'll go down as the best professional hitter in history.","And in those 10 seasons the Mariners offense was atrocious. Felix lost 20% of the games he went 7+ innings with 1 run or less. He is a novelty, he slaps the ball on the ground. Sure he was a great lead off man, but who cares if your getting 200+ hits a year and 50 or 60 rbi's. I'm not saying that he wasn't insanely consistent, just that he wasn't a superstar, he wasn't a player that could carry a team.","It's not Ichiro's fault that the rest of the team sucked. He is still one of the greatest hitters of all time. ","It kinda is though, a great player is someone who makes everyone around him better. A great player is a leader and can help a team win even when he is struggling. A great player doesn't refuse to speak English and communicate with his teammates or his fans even though he does speak fluent English. You know who was a great player. Edgar Martinez. That was a great Mariner. So was Brett Boone, and Griffey. Randy Johnson was a great Mariners player. My point being, sure maybe he was the Mariners best hitter, but there is a long line of better players than him.","I said hitter, not player. You just proved my point.","True but a hit is a hit though. Having an insanely inconsistent lead off man means something if the other players can drive him in. Sure, Ichiro can't carry a team but his consistency can help the team win games. I agree that he does have an attitude problem though and that he could do more to help the team especially off the field. ","Throwing balls back is not a tradition unless you are stupid.","i almost got killed at a baseball game once.. this was many years ago, i dont even remember who was playing.. it was seattle and another team. i was talking to my girlfriend at the time and not really paying attention and the guy hit the ball and everyone started cheering.. before i knew it, smash, the ball hit the seat next to me.. i didnt even see it coming.. the thing was going like 100 miles an hour.. anyway i picked it up, i still have it somewhere.. right after a guy came down with a card that said who hit it. i cant remember who it was tho.. ","it knocked your memory out... ","no it was about 16 years ago and i dont follow baseball enough to know all the players names.. \n","Why not just buy a ball and say you caught it at that point?","The Rockies made a deal with the MLB commissioner when they joined the league that they could have a higher salary cap so they could hire all the best hitters in the league. Also they never get drug tested so they all take steroids. It's just science.","Ah so that explains why they are perennial world series contenders","Unfortunately the owner is kind of weird and he hates all good pitchers.","But not why all the other teams hit better in our ballpark too.","Could be a Cubs game.. we hit a lot of homeruns.","The fact that Coors field is notorious for having a ton of home runs due to the high altitude. A few years ago they started putting the balls in a humidor before playing with them to try to negate the high altitude but the balls still fly out of the park more than most other places (if not all). ","couldn't you just throw the ball back then go buy another and and say it was a home run ball?","They never let me bring in my falcon anyway.","Fun fact: Whence means from where, so when you say, \"Return from whence you came,\" you're saying, \"Return from from where you came!\"","I was just about to post something similar.  It's a word people don't use much, but it's a word that grammar Nazis secretly hope is tossed around from time to time, so we can pounce on it!   About 1% of the time we're disappointed that it gets used correctly and have to wait awhile for someone else to get brave.","Yeah, I guess that ball has to be taken out of play anyways.  ","I wasn't expecting this comment and now I'm crying from laughter. ","It's being handled by top men","So do you!","omfg... can i watch this on netflix or amazon?\n\n$2.99 on amazon, angels in the outfield was the better movie after watching lethal waeapon... btw.","But he could have sold it...","for nothing. ","Gotta freeze and get a better camera angle of the ball hitting the ground.","I used to bring a ball with me to try and get an autograph","Well, a lot of people will bring a ball to get autographed, so if they haven't gotten it autographed yet then they could just use that ball for the switcheroo. ","Wtf","they kick you at for this at some ball parks. everyone you're with, too","I've brought a glove to every game I've ever gone to regardless of where I'm sitting. As if id stop stuffing my face with hot dogs and put the glove on in time to catch a foul ball flying at me going 100 mph\n","Nothing to gain.. You're trading one baseball for another. It's not signed. Nobody is going to care.","Then bring back the Sonics.","She's cute, he's a schlub.","Turtle saving is a hobby!","Right, but won't they have just watched you throw the, \"real\", ball back onto the field?","The game balls have serial numbers. The most important part is that your fellow fans see that you didn't keep the dirty opposing team's home run ball. The authenticator will know you're a lying tricksy bastard. ","Correct. Also the baseballs used by MLB are woven with special polymers that regular baseballs don't use. A decent Electron Mass Spectrometer will set you back less than the cost of a single player for a single game. All baseballs used are tested before and after the game for this material to ensure no cheating is occurring.\n\n\nA fun fact: when the authenticator checks the ball they also check for the correct atomic baseball bat particles on the ball to indicate that it was actually hit during that game.","I would have thought that part was obvious but I appreciate you spelling it out for people who don't know anything about baseball. ","Low attendance","Straight up mack","Rockies ballpark has a lot of home runs hit in it because it ~~is small and~~ has thin air.\n\nEDIT - I guess it isn't that small. ","Coors Field isn't small","No it's fucking huge. And you also can get kicked out for tossing a HR back onto the field.","It's 415 to straight away center and 350 down the lines. That's pretty big compared to most fields. It's literally just the lack of air resistance","How easy it is to hit home runs at Coors Field.","*a lot*?","You could throw it out when a player doesn't notice it and they could trip or mistake it for the ball that just got hit. Basically just game interference. ","General rule about throwing crap on the field, don't want to injure players. I mean if you're allowed to throw on the field, why not wait until the next half inning and \"accidentally\" chuck it at the opposing team's fielders?\n\nSounds stupid, but most rules are made due to the stupid people in this world","\"you do it.\" great gf.","Most teams/park management see it as a \"zero tolerance\" policy. In their eyes it can be a slippery slope from throwing a ball back, in protest, to throwing other things onto the field. ","Hey, I'm frump!  \nI'm not so frump!  \nAaaand we're the game frumps.","Did that bitch just roll out of bed?  She looks like a sloth","Rude","Honest. ","Whats the point though? You know this a sub for discussing sports, right?  It just makes you look sad as fuck putting down a strangers looks like that anonymously fron the internet. I mean how low is your self esteem, because if you arent putting her down to make yourself feel better about yourself then you are nothing more than a huge asshole.\n\nDk just not have any self awareness? You do realuze putting people down anonymously on the internet ALWAYS makes you look worse than the person you are talking shit about right?  ","Because you aren't supposed to throw anything on the field. We don't want to devolve into those heathens that are soccer fans."," they didn't just recruit a fan, they recruited a fan with a 100+ mph fast ball\n\n","One of my all time favs. I hurt my hip a few years back. I was hoping a tendon or something would heal in a way that would give me super speed or super kicking. Sadly this did not happen, so glad I didn't quit my day job before confirmation. ","Or glove im sure it hurts catching w/o one","Milk is usually in recycled cardboard cartons, now.  Besides, you know that bag is plastic, right?","the plastic jugs are more expensive is all i meant.\n","They aren't, really, and when they are the difference is like two cents.  The plastic jugs aren't that common, either, was my point.\n\nBags are also more prone to spoilage, take more effort to use (I don't need scissors to take off a screw top, or a pitcher if I've already got a carton), and aren't always recyclable.","Jugs aren't common? Jugs are absolutely common. I would say its jugs &gt; cartons &gt; glass. Jugs are more common by a very large magnitude, only thing that comes in cartons commonly are the weird soy milk things.","than bags? they're a full L less for the same price.","That kid's going places","Why cant your team just make a little playoff run at least once. ","He's going to need to learn to swim, and fast, because he's going to be drowning in lady parts by 17.","Wait, don't read that literally.","I get it, but I'm sure there was a kid not to far away from them who would have never forgotten the day that guy gave him a home run ball. ","Most asinine \"tradition\" in baseball. Especially those neanderthal meathead dipshits who scream at others who refuse to go along with their idiotic \"tradition.\"","Political Correctness","Because allowing fans to throw shit onto the field sets a bad precedent?","Or heralds the end of us all by being the trumpet that brings forth the ultimate fucking nanny state.","That's what you think is going to herald the nanny state? Not being able to throw shit in the direction of humans?\n\nRelax and quit listening to so much Glenn Beck.","It's a baseball game. Suck it the fuck up.","Is your blood pressure always this high?","Are you always this retarded?","Aww, poor fella. Your life is shit so now you rage on Reddit.\n\nI'm sorry, lil guy. I didn't mean to upset you.\n\nAccept my apologies?","&lt;3 u too, boo.","Or a Cleveland fan ","I shouldn't laugh so hard at this!  It can't be easy being a Cleveland fan. ","You can get kicked out and on Sports Center without having to remove your clothes?\n\nSounds like a win/win!","[deleted]","I know...hence the \"(where this was done)\".","Define \"a lot of people.\"","Was looking for this exact response","Gardenhoser!","from someone who's a 'limburger'(inhabitant of a belgian/netherlands province called limburg), what is that? ","It's a pungent cheese. In this case it's a metaphor for a fast pitched baseball.","thx! ","Typical Canadian.","Angels fan here. Not sure if the Mariners are good this year or if the Angels just suck even more ass this year. ","This deserves top comment ","r/reversegif","~~^[]()~~\n]",": Nah not interested. \n:  Okay \n:D :D :D \n","\"It was a documentary and the events happened in real time!\"","I've got the Astros. What's my prize?","Being in the playoffs?","Astros r good now I've got the braves all we have is an ok first base dude","Astros are the fourth worst team in baseball right now. Getting absolutely slaughtered every game. ","Thats good though right? ","What I find weird is that there isn't a niche business that opens up in cities that sells all liquids exclusively in bags and produces bag holders for these bags so you can carry it without having to carry it.\n\nUnless it's not cheaper to put them in a bag instead of a harder plastic bag.","milk hits all the right specialties .  quick expire,  doesn't need light protection.  ans im pretty sure ita easier for the farmwrs meaning faster farm to table. \n\nbut carbonated beverages dont work.  and juices need light protection usually so they get the tetra pack. ","Are you retarded? ","Username checks out ","I don't think you know how that saying works.","I do, because only a fat, greasy Packers fan would call someone a retard. ","I simply asked a question. ","Bitchboi you ok?  ","lol okay","They don't let you bring balls into the game, or really any hard projectile.","This is good stuff","[deleted]","Yeah, if somebody tells you it's an ice cream penis or a root beer penis, don't believe them.  I did exactly what they said and I didn't get my root beer shake.  It was a rip-off and not nice at all :-/","Unless it's over 80, then it's dust penises.","Or Cincy. My 5 year old could hit a homer there.","Possibly low attendance and he is running 3 sections over covered seats to get a ball rattling around, but more likely, is that it's just not true at all. ","Frick that. Bryce Harper could shit on a baseball and I'd still keep it. If I catch a home run, I'm keeping it ","&gt; Frick that\n\nlol","That's amazing","Milk in a bag just sounds gross","I like how they said they just told him to leave and not the 2 boys he was with.\n\nThey were 6 and 7 years old. He couldn't just leave them there. So throwing him out meant throwing them all out. ","r/nocontext","Man those grounders can sure gain speed fast","looks like a brit","Blue Jays :)\n\nToronto, Canada.","lol I know I just went to a jays game in Toronto last week, he just looks like a brit","He's still a jerk off.","It's my understanding that most parks will toss you out. A friend was ejected from Fenway and security stated they had a \"zero tolerance\" rule, had to be enforced, blah, blah. ","Fuck that I'll kick them out. I paid for this seat and I will not have it invaded by another's balls.","You're voting for Trump, aren't you?","Then the police comes and points their riffles at you ","Probably not. This is Reddit, there is a 98.9% chance he's white.","Why would you need a baseball mitt to drive nascar?","I always bring my balls","Going to Reds games in the late 90s we always just assumed they pulled relief pitchers from the crowd.","could at least have given it to a kid, who would have just wanted the ball and not cared about tradition","Thank you to all you gents for this fabulous thread of Mariners comments. Reminded me of why reddit is the best place to pass time!","WELCOME TO ONTARIO, MOTHER FUCKER","Very dependent on ball parks. If you are a Tampa Miami reds etc fan in post may, you are one of a maybe a few thousand in the stands. Let alone outfield. If you have sub 10 thousand fans everyone is behind home plate. ","Who has season tickets that sits that far away?","Fans of a team.","You often have to work your way up closer and closer with season Tickets. It's not like you get 10th row the first season you get them because other people have season tickets and they have had them for longer. My friend has season tickets for the Bears and he's in the 300 section.","Smart woman.  they are in the first row.  It would have taken exactly the same amount of effort for her to throw it over the rail.  \n\nExcept she spent the extra effort it took to get the man to do it.  \n\nSo.... who is smarter? \n\nThe woman for making the man do it?  \n\nOr the man because he is going to get laid tonight for keeping his woman happy?","This is one of those trick questions isn't it?","This kid!","You sure you're not counting foul balls?","Yes. Because that's not where their seats are.","Am I the only one going to call attention to the sons' names? Jayden and Jeramiiah lol. ","That's probably the real reason they were ejected. ","The kids got to stay if they're dad was willing to leave them. Jerk dad, looking out for their interests and whatnot. ","She says...\"Can we just throw this back and GTFO?  I've got a Go-Go's concert to get to\".","I never thought of it like that.  I would always expect somebody to not be pleased if they discovered I was being deceitful.","If everyone was like that, Magicians wouldn't have a job","A well known magician and skeptic, [James Randi](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Randi) said something along the lines of:  \n\nThe difference between a magician and a psychic is that the magician doesn't lead you to believe what he is doing is genuine.  Everybody knows it's a trick, a show, an act and he doesn't hide this fact.  A psychic will attempt to make you believe what he is doing is real.","Ah, yes. I guess discovering you were deceived is a bit different than being deceived although knowing it, eh","how did that baseball turn into a golf ball","I love how she totally knows what to do with it.","This made me sad.  Screw you Cincy!  Junior would have been fine if he stayed in Seattle.  ","Specifically at Wrigley though","This is only officially a thing in Chicago. No other parks have this as a tradition. ","Everyone always yells it at Dodger stadium...","Remember to pay your taxes on it!\n\n-No one ever","Don't forget to pick up your lotto ticket on your way to the game.","You would make a fortune in Japan.","I never really followed baseball in my life I've always been more of a hockey fan and football. I used to go to baseball games all the time though because a lot of people I know used to get tickets and have to work so they couldn't go to the games and they'd give me the tickets. I used to catch probably 5 or so balls a year and keep them all in a box. Before I knew it I had like 30 dirty used baseball's with no recollection of their individual origins so I ended up using most of them as baseball's to play catch with and use them. I've still got a bunch to use but never do anymore. Game caught baseball's are great to catch but once you get a few they are all the same thing unless it's a very special ball ","That all means nothing to us, our love is more important .. lol ","I wish people would give the ball to a kid instead of throwing it back.","It's tradition to throw an opposing team's homerun back on the field. ","I've watched baseball my entire life. I know. It is the stupidest tradition ever. Make a kid happy, let him/her have the baseball. That is a much more positive tradition that is common now.","Yeah but you make the entire fan base at the game (and everyone watching) happy this way. ","Yeah, but you can get ejected for doing it depending on where you are. ","And children learn from us. They'll learn to love it, too. It's a must tradition. ","McCann would dropkick you into tomorrow if he heard your puss talk. RULES OF THE GAME.","This guy is a major league douche. Batting practice. I'm sitting in front of him, a ball comes our way, naturally like any red-blooded American, I reach my mitt out to snag it. He yells to stop, as he's says he's \"playing catch\" with one of the players. I say something to the effect of \"yeah right\". And he tosses his beer on me.  As I stand there , gobsmacked, my dad gets in his face, holding back a punch.  The two get separated, and we get relocated. The staff, were extra nice, got us shirts. Meanwhile the guy doesn't get tossed or anything.    \nThe Cubs would've surely booted him if he was your regular Joe fan.\n\n  ","wtf that's crazy..","Toronto fans are so salty\n\nEdit: [Me seeing all the down votes](http://i.imgur.com/aVUPcio.png)","You're brave, admitting to being a Redlegs fan. The only thing worse would be if you could find JJ Hoover flair. ","Denying your fandom is one small notch below Peter denying Jesus.","Your comment should inspire people who support shitty teams to come out of the closest. No more checking the scores on their phones and not joining in when a relevant discussion starts.","So I guess you have a habit of following people who only let you down. ","Sure, I guess? Idk what you're getting at. I'm not gonna start rooting for another team because mine sucks. Sure the Reds and Bengals and Bearcats have let me down time and time again, but it's pretty shitty to jump ship and support someone better.","I'm a fan of the Tigers but if they don't go anywhere I would love to see the Cubs take the World Series. ","That's a little different. I mean, I'll always support the Reds, but I will likely also support a particular team that has a shot at winning it all.","Totally understandable. It's why people watch Miss Universe &amp; stuff, I guess.","I got sick of pro sports so I joined a local league and play the game myself. No more watching for me!","That's understandable. Actually a pretty awesome thing to do!","Agreed! I'd be interested in hearing how that's going.","Hey we got our one game yesterday. ","kate upton really let herself go","&gt; 2/10, would not bang\n\nThat girl is cute as fuck.","Any given young woman under 200 pounds is gorgeous.  If they're White.","For fat/scrawny, pussy-deprived beta males with no standards, maybe.","\\&gt; using the phrase beta males unironically\n\nLol","So you find her extremely attractive then?","RIP /u/twatbutter 19something - 2016\n\nAs his name suggests, he was a twat; but he was a good one at that.","As a lip reader, I can confirm that she is indeed saying, 'throw it away'.","Surely you arent serious.\n\n:)","I am serious, and don't call me Shirley.","Ok serious, but Frankly, I don't really care. ","Brought to you by TD Bank","I read this in Archers voice.","Same reason I learned to speak jive.","Cut me some slack, jack. ","I'm pretty sure, if you find an extended clip, one of the girl's friends notices the gamer in his glove and calls him out on it.","Haha","I think that would endear him even further, no? He's just that much more smooth.","Like the mets fan that caught Bond's 756th","I caught an Ortiz grandslam at Fenway a few years back.  Even if I weren't a red sox fan, I wouldn't have thrown that back :)","more of a guideline, rally.","Is...\n\nIs that a VeggieTales reference?\n","Fite me IRL buddy","Plus you also have something to have signed should you get the opportunity. ","Hey, I'm not saying don't do it, I'm just pointing that it's probably overkill.\n\nAlso depending on where you sit you probably have a decent chance of catching a foul ball or nabbing something during batting practice.","Poop covered is so much funnier than shit covered for some reason.","[Because...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qWIo-XhuIE)","This made me lol while taking a dump.  I hope the guy in the stall next to me reads this","People tend to prepare for things they don't want to happen. ","those people suck","No one does this. This isn't a thing","Ha!","Need a thug life version","[deleted]","This happened in Canada. Blue Jays are from Toronto.","nice.... ","i always thought that was a wrigley field thing - throwing homerun balls back that the opposing team hit","It started at Wrigley, but eventually spread. Now it depends on the stadium, but it's common for the crowd to start chanting throw it back. ","Tell that to Lance.","I generally like to bring two with me wherever I go. The ones made of steel too, so they never break.","No milk bags in Newfoundland.","Such a boss move.","Do I get sex with ANY of these things???","Why would you want sex with a grandma?","She usually has the hamster. =/\n\nAnd the stairs.","I'm dying at this comment. I actually laughed out loud so thank you","No.","&gt;Jayden and Jeramiiah\n\nWow, Mormon much?","If you don't entertain yourself with this kind of things, then you are forced to just watch the game and that's really hard","I guess you could say they really **had a ball**!","That's because baseball is boring as fuck and getting a ball hit near you is the most exciting thing that happens.","Silly goose. No one goes to mariners games. You just like putting balls up your butt!\n\nTl;Dr balls in butts","BLADES ARE FOR SKATIN\n\nYA DINGUS","\"No, babe. Not now that you touched and ruined it.\"\n\nEDIT: Lol, oh come on that was hilarious :'). Look at her face as he takes it away from here. It's fucking perfect!","Does this mean I should bring all of my hockey gear with me to the next Capitals game?","Absolutely! ","Well in that case [Ima dress like this from now on and pretend im Orlov](http://1.cdn.nhle.com/capitals/images/upload/2015/04/484914589.jpg)","Only if you buy an authentic jersey and hat too","I think it's mostly children that bring mitts to the games.","I bring two balls with me wherever I go, but I will *never* give up either one. ","I gave both of mine up. Much happier now.","/u/varys is that you???","Is that a reference to something?","Where the fuck is a gifv when you need one.","Based gives a fuck","Ain't shit based. Dude was just an ass.","We have cartons in Ontario, and jugs in Quebec as well. But bags are the most common.","I'm guessing that happens often at the Wrigley Field.","Maybe at Wrigley, we don't do that shit here.","I always bring two.\n\nHue.","\"Give me that. Stop trying to distract me honey. I think our team just scored a hole in one.\"","Can confirm, they have a town called Dildo, not Vibrator.","[deleted]","They are #8 out of 30 in home runs by team...","Like anyone ever cares about the odds","Said every Mariners fan ever. This is our year!","Slow down there Cartman. ","never tell me the odds","that really happens???","That's a total MGTOW moment. ","Ain't nothing in the rulebook saying a dog can't play baseball.","great now you've made me laugh. I hope your happy with yourself!","I was told to bring a ball to a game once to trade out if i caught a homerun. I took my dads signed ball from some girl named \"babe Ruth\".. As luck turns out, I caught a homerun ball from some guy, I tossed the signed ball.. Boy the look on my dads face when he gets home from his business trip will be priceless.. ","I laughed at the part too.... fuckin calling stranger danger on the Rockies! ","Only at Wrigley. This is not a tradition.","I've seen this happen at a bunch of ballparks. Wrigley isn't special for this.","Wrigley started it. Only recently have other fans started doing it.\n\nAlso it's dumb, if I ever catch a HR ball I'm keeping it.","Define recently, happened at my first game watching the Yankees maybe about 10 years ago. ","It did not start recently. Witnessed this in the 80's myself. And I have no doubt it was going on well before then.","For what it's worth, you always throw the ball back in cricket.\n\nThe condition of the ball is an important element of play .\n\nIf the ball is lost umpires pick another ball of a similar condition.","I've been going to ballgames for 30 years, I've never come close to catching a ball.  \n\nI'll be god damned if you'd get me to throw it back after 30 years of not even coming close.  ","Yeah, I'm pretty sure it's just specific teams that have fans with this tradition. At every Cardinals game I've been to, people keep the home run balls.","Anyone know if he got kicked? You're not allowed to toss balls back on the field in most stadiums other than the Yanks","Why is this? I've seen people saying you shouldn't throw balls back in this thread but nobody was clear why.","In baseball it's tradition to throw back the opposing team's homerun ball, but some stadiums don't allow it because they don't want people throwing anything whatsoever onto the field.\n\nThe gif is Jays fan in the SkyDome throwing an Oakland homerun ball back, so I figured he might get kicked out since it IS their policy.\n\nThe only stadium I'm aware that allows the tradition still is the Yankees stadium and last year a fan hit their own player in the back of the head with a ball.","She didn't look too thrilled about that toss","ROSENBURGER!","[deleted]","And I'm hungry.... ","Was at a university baseball game last night. After a foul ball a horde of little princesses (themed night) and little leaguers ran to the drop zone only for one of them with a pink dress to throw it back onto the field. She was very confused when everyone held their mouths open or put their hands on their heads. Even the mother reacted with the \"what have I raised\" glare. ","Same reason people bring gloves.","Girl :  Wow i caught the ball Im so happy! You're tottaly getting a blow job later big boy!\n\nDude: uhhh this baseball is tainted because the opposing team hit it.. I love baseball more than sex..\n\nGirl: wow... Way to 86 your only chance that a girl is gonna touch you.. Im totally fucking your hot friend later. \n\n","You never know, it could happen: http://www.theguardian.com/football/blog/2013/sep/05/harry-redknapp-played-fan-west-ham","The girl's worth a bang...or two.","if maybe 2 or 3 out of 30k is considered \"a lot\". r/quityourbullshit","Have you *tried* sticking a baseball into the pocket of your jeans and then sitting in tiny seats for 3 hours?  It hurts.","No need to send that poor hamster to Ann Arbor. Thats just cruel. ","Hey! Go Green!","Go home! A Hawkeye can hate Ann Arbor just like anyone else.","Hey! This is my own damn state! You go hate on the cyclones or someone! But love you guys still &lt;3","Love you too pal. ","It was a home run by a guy on the Athletics","It started at Wrigley and spread across the league. ","It's like me and bringing a condom on a date, there's always a chance.","I bring condoms with me when I go to the library, because you never know.","Either this guy is a very cool customer or he has a terrible arm that he's ashamed of. Likely both.","true","I dont see anything civilized about drinking milk out of a boxy envelope. ","Better to have it and not need it, than to need it and not have it.","Can't argue against that haha","That was unexpected.","My favorite reference that most people don't get. If you've never seen that movie it is a really weird thing to hear I imagine. ","I don't care enough to look this up. Are you serious?","people do bring baseball gloves but he's joking about the reason. the reason is for home run balls or foul balls that head your way so you can catch them a lot easier. ","Boy they sure look like a happy couple.","She has a lovely hairdo","give me that \"just got out of bed\" look fam","She first showed it with a smile like hey look what I got. Then he grabs it and she just says ok...","Hatred? He looks disinterested at best lol","It is?...","If I had skills I would photoshop the ball with a microphone. ","Cartons? Eww, bags of milk is always better.","What do people put the milk bag in at home? Or is it like boxed wine with the bag inside with the spout? Bags of milk just became a thing for me like 2 minutes ago","You put the milk bag into a sorta holder like [this.](http://www.kitchenstuffplus.com/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/650x/040ec09b1e35df139433887a97daa66f/7/4/74263_2_kitchen_stuff_plus_lakto_stainless_steel_milk_bag_holder_1.jpg)","So it stays in the bag? Sorry I'm just used to having a lid on milk to keep out germs or whatever ","Yea. Of course once you cut the top part to pour, it isn't easy to reseal, but if kept in the fridge it last just as long as any other carton milk. Of course, there are carton milk also, but milk bags are just more popular here in Canada. If you wanna learn more check [here](http://www.lockergnome.com/news/2012/05/18/bagged-vs-carton-milk/)","Thanks for the info. I couldn't buy a bag of milk even if I wanted to but it's nice to know ","&gt;but milk bags are just more popular here in Southern Ontario\n\nFTFY","Hold my honeybaked, I'm goin' in!","But, you didn't. There's nowhere to go.","Ah, the old [false-startaroo](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2le8eq/drove_behind_this_guy_for_30_minutes_he_was_the/cluc41j)\n\nFIFY","With a potato canon. ","At a baseball game","That's why I always carry extra hamsters and duct tape in my back pocket","Ugh, I'd hate to sit on duct tape.","So, someone who dates unobservant women who were raised without actual cooking?","It's really common at Wrigley. At other parks, fans don't care as much.","Hang on...just seen your name, you're a Labatt drinking, moose riding fucking Canadian, aren't you? Do you live in Toronto? ","\"Get back to your fucking trailer  Mr Lahey you God damn drunk burnt the fuck out wanna be cop.\"","You've held my ass baseballs in your hand! ","If you go to games a lot the odds are not as low as you might suspect. \n\n\nI've caught half a dozen foul balls and 1 home run ball, my families got a couple more home run balls and tons of fouls. We've got a signed foul ball from the pirates no hitter like 20 years ago too. \n\n\nWe only went frequently for 1 or 2 seasons. Outfield tickets were a dollar for kids, 5 for dults, we's show up early and take the first row in left field. Tons of balls...","If you ever go to a game as an away fan in your team's jersey you've got a good chance of one of your players tossing you a ball.\n\nIt's always worked for me at Orioles/Nationals games.","This is grounds for immediate termination of the relationship. ","Man I wanna be so moderately famous so I can be that guy from that thing. ","i thought only cubs fans did this shit","Copy cats ","On a side note, this is why you will see a lot of people sitting in the outfield seats bringing balls INTO ballparks.\n\nThe dirty little secret is that they actually keep the ball, and throw back the decoy to uphold the tradition.","I believe he was making a joke saying, the video exists just like my model girlfriend from Canada that can't ever be on video chat. Implying neither exist.","Or you know... in case the homerun ball comes towards them.","I am gonna make a mental note to bring a sharpie to write a snarky message to the player onto the ball before throwing it back next time I'm sitting in the outfield at a MLB game. ","Well, you always were the Texas of Canada, so it makes sense that you heathens would drink your milk like them too. I think Canadians probably drink more milk than Americans, so we don't feel like we need some fancy container. We just go through that shit so quick, it'd be a waste. That's my theory anyways. Milk is good for those cold winters, lots of protein and fat (if 1% or 2%).","Or just having sex with grandma! Wait","I think kwiktrips sell them","\"Mud covered\" it could pass as authentic. ","For a second I thought you confused Rookie of the Year with Major League. But, turns out he's in both.\n","Have you met baseball fans? ","Wrigley did indeed start this. And not only will Wrigley not kick you out, I have seen them relocate a visiting fan who opted not to throw the ball back after the crowd starting getting aggressive. \n\nThat said, while Cubs fans will boo the shit out of you, they don't generally start getting threatening unless it's highly contested game..\n\nSource: Cubs fan. 134 Cubs games to date.","I think Steve Bartman is still in the witness protection program","[deleted]","He's still here in Chicago.","What an asshole thing to say.","I think she said \"You do it.\" ","this is bullshit","This is why I always bring an electric guitar to a rock concert. Someday I will play with Green Day. ","Always keep a harmonica in my pocket and one in the chamber.","Wait, what was that last part?","Canadians littering?  What has the world come to?","I guess you didn't watch game 5 of the Jays and Rangers last year...","Longest 7th inning I've ever seen","I was so mad at my own city's people. That was awful behaviour. ","We don't need more things to make us hate life. ","I noticed that too. I don't even know why I'm in this thread really...\n\n&gt; Also, you don't know my girlfriend; she's from Canada.","Why was I more disturbed by this than pushing grandma down the stairs?","Because its oddly specific. What if i said pushing grandma down two flights of stairs, but she stopped at the first landing so i had to go down to finish the job, as my extended family looked on in horror from the Christmas dinner table?","No, it's because grandma was an abusive alcoholic who beat us when we were little.","Mariners player confirmed.","That makes me think of the fake funeral for my sisters hamster I had to attend ","Yep. You won't get tossed at Wrigley for tossing the ball back","https://youtu.be/m9Ep94dPGwE?t=91","Yeah, when I was in elementary school in Wisconsin in the early 90s we had bag milk for lunch every day. You had to stab it with the straw to get to it, but if you didn't cover the end of the straw with your thumb you'd end up with milk everywhere.\n\nHad no idea this was not normal.","We had our bags in a container that was too big. Every time we poured milk there was a chance it would flop out and ruin everything. All because my Dad refused to admit he bought the wrong size and my Mom called him on it. We got one that fit after the divorce, my Dad never bought bagged milk after it. People are weird.","I had this in elementary school in the early 2000s as well and I lived in southeastern central Pennsylvania. \n\nWe knew it was odd though and the dairy switched to cartons when I was in 6th or 7th grade.","Girl's hot tho","? are you from the south? ","No?","What is it? Looks like a prime slice of 90s cheese!","[Rookie of the Year](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0107985/)","Quick Re-cap:\n\nBoy breaks arm, magically heals into the greatest throwing arm in Baseball history. Pitches for Cubs, makes a team of serious professionals remember what it's like to be a kid again. Breaks arm again. Has to win the big game with childish baseball tricks. \n\nIf you were 12-ish when this movie came out it was your jam. \n\nedit: Good lord [the trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Heoa-AI42bA) is the most 90's thing ever. ","I just watched the trailer twice. Love that movie. ","Based on your comment we should see the film on Netflix in three months.","Put 'em WAAAY up inside there--as far as they can fit","( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)","Kinda like when people buy lottery tickets. Where there's hope there's...hope...","I think the girl is mouthing \"you do it.\" Not important. Just a mere observation","As in \"no you dot it (throw the ball to the ground) and get the attention of the cameras\".","*launching it from an exercise ball","Whoa nice catch I didn't notice that.","Smooth.   And she bought it!","Here's why... \n\nhttps://np.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/4g9h79/nope_dont_need_this/d2fwvow","video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9Ep94dPGwE","I just want someone to bring a bat to hit back a home run. ","only the ghetto ballparks","That ball got an unusual amount of air time ","Cows.","I'M DOING GREAT!","Play of the decade. Donald Trump cites this kid in Art of the Deal.","YOU'RE DOING GREAT!","[THEN I'LL KEEP IT UP!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LleBj6Q-Zng)","ho lee shit. This went viral as one of those 'like a boss' type videos because he gave a girl the game ball... but he faked it! cheeky bastard ","I like the horizontal \"Phillies ashamed actually\"","Not for [this player](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cQruSrslSU)","\"Throw it away.\"","Couple of my buddies went to this game, they got kicked out for this.","Frank?","Yes my babies?","Give it to the guy next to you to throw back.","Thank you for your service","Better than a basketball I suppose","At Yankees games, it's occasionally acceptable to throw a matzah ball.","Wisconsin","This is a lie","its very much a thing though.","It looked like he dropped the ball and it happened to fall into the park.  Not his fault gravity's a bitch.","YOU'RE DOIN' GREAT!","you sadistic fuck","Nan took a tumble","No love for Bag Season? ","What team? A Jay Buhner HR sounds pretty good to me, but I'm from Seattle...","Just asked my dad, it was actually Jeff Blauser with the Cubs. I'm a fraud :-/","&gt; milk bag\n\nFound the Canadian.","This is why I bring a bat to every baseball game as well. In case a bat flies our way. I won't be giving it back. I'll pull the old bat-in-the-stands-switcheroo! suckers.","Does the ball you bring with you have to have a certain quality? I mean what do they use for those games? What is the price of a baseball? Can you exchange one for 5 Dollars with one for 10 cents?\n\nQust: Go to a game, catch the home run, do switcheroo, give Baseball with dickbutt.","Looks like an abusive douchebag.\n","Why does the ball levitate for a second?  Guy has skill","... you mean \"bounce?\"","They should make it a rule that if ANYONE catches the ball, in our outside the field the batter is out. \n\nWould make baseball better to watch ","I'm not even mad that yer comment blew up. I'm impresed😀👍","/u/yoyomamatoo  tagged as gutter tosser.","So long as the total of balls in the system remains unchanged the world will go on.","I actually tossed a dead mouse in the gutter today. My neighbor's cat left her first of many gifts on the year. ","Like tossing a salad when you like eating ass, but tonight was Taco Tuesday.","Hold my ball, I'm going in!","uuuh, I think that's to catch home run or foul balls.","Nothing gets past you.  Like a wall, a big thick wall.","Of flesh. A big thick wall of living pulsating flesh","And that wall has a very specific shape to it.","Can someone make an upvote version of this? ","Pretty smart, those balls are covered with germs.","\"get this shit outta here, eh?\" ","technically speaking, you should only do this against the cubs.  but i'm a stickler for tradition.","Canada started herpes  RUN!","I tried to get the players to sign my balls once, I got kicked out","Did you shave them first?","Of course, I'm not a monster","I didn't even need to look at your flair to tell your Canadian","☑️ Maple Leafs flair\n\n☑️ Milk bag\n\nCanadian confirmed.","I also appreciate his girl being fine with it and not whining about it.","He's not Canadian.","What is UP with her HAIR???","...As a sane, rational opposition of all the crazy shit going on","It's like a single guy carrying a condom around.","Actually the balls used in MLB games are cheaper and surprisingly not made to perform as well as a college/high school baseball. With an MLB ball the seams are lower, the core is softer, and the wool/string winding around the core is a little softer. Lower seams makes pitching harder, and a softer ball means it doesn't pop off the bat (a wooden bat at that) as much. Sorry for the rant, just thought it was interesting ","His finest role.","Holy crap, no way.","Does it say anything special on the game balls? Like this one would say \"Blue Jays vs. Athletics 4-24-2016\" or something like that? If so, I think it's still worth keeping.","Nope","[deleted]","Only if you're sentimental. I'd still have the story, in fact I'd say it's an even BETTER story if I threw it back.\n","Well... You would keep the ball if it was someone's first homerun. Regardless of the player or team. Usually someone from the team would come down &amp; get the ball from you &amp; give you something in return. ","I'm ready to go in coach! Just give me a chance! ","haha you mean to tell me ARod didn't hit 3000 home runs?","a milk bag? milk comes in bags?\n\nAbout he ball. It was a flyball/foulball over the backstop/catcher and into the car park. shame they dont number the balls so they could say oh yes thats ball 235467 which we lost when playerA pitched to playerB on this field on this date. ","http://i.stack.imgur.com/ofltz.jpg","i hate those damn milk bags. When I was in high school, they somehow started selling them in our town. So many holes.\n\n","Whole whats?","oops","https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1TeRDhf41Mk ","Man, this guy is a fucking tool. Ontario and Quebec make up nearly 2/3 the population of Canada, we mostly do drink bagged milk.","What a fucking jackass. I'm happy his channel is as small as it is and i feel terrible saying that about anyone.","I appreciate how much of a shithead he is, it makes it OK to make fun of how goofy he looks.","Youtube voice and jump cuts galore.  I can't wait for another thirty years and look back at this era and laugh about how all these youtube videos looked identical.","Nothing else you drink comes in a bag so why does milk come in one? \n","I never argued the logistics, just the fact that we do. Idk why, but at this point in my life, I prefer the bags.","makes it easier to freeze ","That's such an ontario thing to say","I didn't make a video bashing Vancouver for not believing in my milk bags.","He clearly believes in milk bags, he just thinks your province is stupid. ","If you go through winter without experiencing -40, you're not Canadian anyways.","Literally everyone else does, why does Van get a pass? At least they never get sun.","I have legit been a reader of this guy for almost 10 years, he's written a lot of awesome comics, infographics and articles on Canada during that time. He was a very sensible right wing proponent and I really enjoyed his analyses on Canadian issues that I usually felt differently about. And honestly there were few accessible choices for that kind of commentary in Canada so I wish his stuff had gotten more traction back when he was more independent. In the last couple years he's gotten more hardline and eccentric and this video is evidence of that. I think it's due to challenges along the way and working a job which has the editorial pressure to be punchy and extreme (huffpost). I hope he'll come back to a little more equilibrium.\n\nFor example he's done [this site](http://www.thecanadaguide.com) and it's a great entertaining primer. I knew him from his main website, but believe me when I say his tone has unfortunately changed over time.","The lack of native history on this site is disturbing. Also, it's no big secret why they are called the \"Toronto Maple Leafs\". Individually, they are a single \"Maple Leaf\". This is a proper noun, so they as a group are leafs. I'm sure he's an okay journalist, but that site isn't great. It's like a bunch of different history books that don't delve into any actual history.","I agree. Stuff like the \"maple leafs\" think is more recent, same style as the milk bags nitpicking. It evolved from a few early articles meant as entertaining primers, not in-depth history. The lack of first nations history definitely betrays his bias, though.","I know the other 1/3 is in Vancouver making the rest of the country statistically irrelevant. ","1/3 in Vancouver? Between its small size and Asians buying all the housing as investments that's probably a stretch even as a generalization.","ive never been so annoyed by someones face before in my life","Why does everyone in Canada actually hate Ontario so much more than everywhere else? I've been everywhere, and lived in Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Ontario, and Québec, and everyone (even people who haven't even been) fucking hates Ontario for ridiculous reasons.\n\nI can't deny shitty hockey teams, or corruption (Québec has it's fair share too though), but how does Ontario have the most obnoxious people? Everywhere I've been in Canada has terrible, obnoxious people, Ontario has its fair share, but so do the other provinces, most notably Alberta, BC, and Québec. \n\nffs, this greasy bastard lives in what is known to be one of the most self-absorbed, egotistical cities in the country, and he's going off about ontario being obnoxious.","It's basically an age old myth that everyone from Toronto acts like they're the center of the country. It was born out of jealousy with a dash of truth (their are stuck up people everywhere) and now it's pure irony at this point.","More like CBC and Toronto always scheduling these stupid ceremonies before their mean nothing games and then continuing to play their game when the later game is starting. FFS, switch the west coast to our team. We don't want to see the leafs lose again.","Inferiority complex.","That's a funny video.\n\nHe lays the blame at the feet of Ontario, but I'm pretty sure they drink milk out of bags in Quebec and Atlantic Canada too.","http://www.marketingmag.ca/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/Screen-shot-2015-04-02-at-12.54.53-PM.png","That guy seems like a dick. You can see the disappointment in that woman's face.","After she says to him \"throw it back\" ?","Looks like she's just saying \"ok\" resignedly to me but I'm no lip reader.","wow, now i can read that both ways lol","nah, she is saying throw it back pretty clearly.","There's no disappointment on her face whatsoever ","As a woman that has been disappointed often in life, I beg to differ. lol But maybe that's just her face.","i think he was trying to look as cool as possible without revealing to the world he throws like a girl.","And by \"throw like a girl\" you mean...? Apparently someone has never watched a women's softball game.","I have watched a woman's softball game, but you have to admit the athletes in high end softball are hardly the standard.  Go pick a random girl off the street and she will [throw like this.](http://i.imgur.com/lRgalh3.gif)  In fact [here is an article](http://www.popsci.com/science/article/2012-09/fyi-do-men-and-women-throw-ball-differently) about it.  Throwing has the largest gap in physical performance between the sexes.\n","I have never seen in person a woman, including all throughout my school years, who throws like that. I'm not saying women are as strong as throwers as men as a whole but I don't believe the majority will throw in that manner. Well, at least not from my experience. Therefore, I don't think it's fair to call poor throwing \"throwing like a girl.\" Even if, let's say, 70% of women threw like that it wouldn't make it right.","It basically means the same as \"throws like a liberal\"\n\n\n  \n^^^^^^^^^triggeralert","Just because I'm a *gasp* feminist doesn't automatically make me a liberal.","You're just confused. But that's okay, women tend to get confused ","I love how smoothly they zoom out to show TD's logo.","Who's your baseball team and how many games do you go to a season?","Who is your daddy and what does he do?","All about the 'stros, season tix brah. \n\nthat is what I imagine you and your friends sound like","Because if he's a new fan, or just doesn't care about his home team to the detriment of not keeping a cool ass game souvenir, fuck him right?\n\nFans like you make me *not* want to go to games. If you want to throw the ball back go ahead, but don't boo other fans.","Boooo","booooo","Yeah thats exactly right, not sure why you prefaced it with sarcasm. Theres traditions that unit communities and as a new fan you either join in or don't and get shit for being so pompous as to feel entitled to altering the traditions of a historic sport. \n\nI could give a shit that fans like him who want to protect fun traditions make you not want to go to games, good, stay out with your entitled ass. Who the fuck walks into a room, joins the group and then thinks its appropriate to start dictating and questioning customs and norms stay home asshole where you can feel safe from the big mean sports fans. ","Having a bad day?","Dudes having a bad life.","We ALL are. Have you ever looked up at what you do and what I do and asked \"Why?\".\n\nYou won't find an answer that satisfies you. I won't. None of this actually makes any sense, so why do we all pretend like it does?\n\nI've been asking people these things and they just say \"Well this is just how life **is**.\" But it doesn't *have* to be like this.\n\nWe don't have to live like this.","You sound like you could use some help buddy.\n\nPm me, we can talk about it.","But if the traditions don't make sense, then why keep doing them? That's why we all live in such a fucking madhouse together. It's why people are fucking killing themselves *every day*. Because nobody stops and asks questions. We don't have to keep blaming individuals for this either. **We all share the blame equally.**","&gt;Fans like you make me not want to go to games.\n\nIf asking a simple question causes you not to want to go to games, good. \n\nFans like me? All I did was ask the dude his team and how many games he went to. Not sure how you can determine what type of \"fan\" I am from that but okay. \n\n&gt;fuck him right?\n\nNope, just you.\n\n&gt;If you want to throw the ball back go ahead, but don't boo other fans.\n\nYou're probably the type that think all kids should get trophies, even the losers.","Seriously, what is going on here. We're hating each other over a baseball question?\n\nI'm honestly done with this. I'm done with feeling like I have to hate people over such simple things. I really want love people. We all do. Why don't we?","What's with the downvotes here? This is just a question. What's wrong with a question?","Phillies....usually 4-5 games a season ","Well, from his flair I would say he's a Phillies fan, but I dunno if that's even scientifically possible anymore at this point","Hey now, we've got a few bright spots.  Hopefully just a few more seasons of disappointment and shame.","I am :)","I agree with him. I'm a Mets fan and try to go to at least 20+ a games a season if I can.","Until it comes time to be a good Philly fan and throw shit at the players.","&gt; I cant stand this guy.\n\nif youre over the age of twelve and care about a fucking ball from a game you just suck. just leave it for the kids. ","I would sell A-Rod's ball also. That's a years worth of work in one ball.","Or the calories burned carrying said ball..","Seems an incredibly dumb thing to do, considering you can't tell baseballs apart.","There was a video awhile back of a guy giving some cute girls the ball. Except, he did the switcheroo and kept the real ball. ","Basic arbitrage opportunity.","EVEN COORS","Good to see the milk bag made it in there.","I'd prefer [this amount of disgust](http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view7/20151216/5277318/fifth-element-phone-call-o.gif)","That look is not disgust because its an opposing team HR. That look is \"God damn it, I HAVE to throw this ball back or I will get shit on and threatened for keeping it. Fuck.\"\n\nHe will likely never have the opportunity at a foul ball again and his one lucky time, he is forced to throw it back because of some dumb tradition. \n","It was awesome when I made the connection of him being Kevin in American Pie. Two classic movies from my time growing uo","Sick and tired of all these kids getting everything for free!","Except salvation, cause there ain't no god.","At least she was cool about it lol\n","Not really. The ball that you keep has been hit a bunch of times. Thats just poor economics.","only once, actually. umps usually give a brand new ball once the one in use has been hit (even if it goes foul)","Oh really? Today i learned something. They must go through a lot of balls. Interesting.","Not true. What if you get mugged by some ball fondling lunatic?!","really sad.","Milk bag? I think a cumbox will do.","That takes balls","Leafs suck. ","Actually, its a worse ball. A ball is meant to be played with. Not playing with a ball means the ball is not good for playing with. Its not doing what its made for, so by definition you are swapping for a worse ball.","That's what you do if you're on the opposing team and you know the pressure is too great to throw the ball back...  then you throw back a different ball scuffed and rubbed with Vaseline and grab some popcorn.","The chick looked like she wanted to keep it but he asshole boyfriend makes her throw it back.  \n\nI mean, I played baseball a long time and am a hardcore fan.  I like to think I'd throw an away team's HR ball back, too.  But not if my chick wanted to keep it.  \n\nBut, whenever I go to games, I always look around at kids in the area that'd might want a ball so that, if I were to catch one, I could give it to them to keep","At Coors Field they kick you out for throwing the ball back. ","Wut?  That is ridiculous","I agree. They just had a guy thrown out on the news the other day. He was there with his two sons and had idea of the rule. ","I think the Athletics needed it more than us","Thank you for your input","Thank you for your input to my input.","Well...he isnt Hillary Clinton.","He said not doing anything illegal.","What, like he wiped his balls clean with a cloth or something? ","¯\\\\_(ツ)_/¯","I've never understood the 'value' of identical items that have 'done specific things'. ","Nobody over the age of 10 should be bringing a glove to a baseball game","Let them hate you but youre absolutely right. This is Reddit tho so 90% of the users are the awkward losers who would bring their gloves to the park. ","As if anyone on reddit would have the balls to go outside in the first place, around thousands of human beings.","but you're also on reddit. fucking awkward losers.","I'm redditing from outside.  Checkmate.","lol this nerd plays chess","With my eyes closed, hands tied behind my back.","Ya, fuck the people that want to have fun at a baseball game and bring a glove! What a bunch of losers, am I right? \n\n/s","We're Americans, it's what we do.","&gt; if i catch a homerun ball by anyone. ... I'm keeping it\n\n[Aaaanyone?](http://assets.nydailynews.com/polopoly_fs/1.2245995.1433389180!/img/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/article_635/s.jpg)","I mean, did anybody notice the ball floated in mid air for a second?","thats what you get when television refuse to broadcast anything above 24fps...","Not until you mentioned it.\n\nHE's A WIZARD","Sadly you can get thrown out for following this tradition at the Dome. ","Literally happened at today's game, in the rogers center......","Most parks it gets you bounced. ","Where's the Dome? I want to be sure I don't like their team in the future.","Skydome A.K.A Rogers Centre, so no Blue Jays for you. ","You can always tell the Canadians. Milk bag","Unless it's the postseason or a holiday, they are almost always generic.","What game were you looking for again?  I think I have one from that. ","Me too, I have a game ball from that game too. ","Same except mine was from a grand slam hit","I too have balls","I have 40 balls from that game! Let's move some money around here","The have to","My buddy coaches little league and has used this speech before.  None of these youngins have seen good cinema so the reactions are classic i hear.  Meanwhile the coaches think it is hilarious.","Now the want to, that's where the fear lives. ","Never tell me the odds","Classic Star Wars banter right here! ","But how often do you go to games? The rarity of attending these events seem to call for incredibly specific preparations.","A lot of people? I've never heard of this","I mean they need that to play, It's not like that have thousands spare with them being eight quid a pop.","Why be concerned about something that probably couldn't be sold for  more than a couple of bucks anyway?   Afraid of giving a kid a ball that might be worth $5?  Or do you have like 50 foul balls mounted on stands all through the house?","He has a ball pit, he strips down, oils himself up, and swims in them scrooge mcduck style. ","Why does the monetary value of the ball factor into this at all? Surely the point of collecting a baseball at the stadium is for the memories and sentimental value.","How can there be any sentimental value left in the fifth foul ball in one game?  I can see the first foul ball you've ever caught at a game having some personal sentimental value, but after the fifth one, if it's not some sort of memorable occasion, what's the point of keeping it?   Give the ball to some kid who can show his friends and take it to show'n'tell.  As a grown adult I just don't see why anyone would want a collection of foul balls that are relatively easy to get if that's what you really want.","Why do you care so much about what other people attach value to that you have to write a paragraph on it. Some people value different things and that's alright, let the man have his foul balls.","Uh... Because odd behaviour is something people discuss here?  Why do you care so much about what I write that you feel the need to castigate me?  Just let the random stranger make his comments.  ","You were the one who was questioning the dude on a perfectly harmless hobby of his and my comment was made because I felt like he shouldn't have to justify himself over the collection of small trinkets. Especially because your tone was accusatory, asking if he was afraid to give a kid a ball, which is a completely loaded question.","Why do you care about having multiple foul balls? I'd like to catch one some day, and I could see myself maybe keeping it. But it's just a baseball. I certainly wouldn't want more than one. I could understand a home run ball more. ","Haha that's very nice","well, not really 'cause it gets replaced. still a ball in posession ","LPT, put in the front of your pants. \n\nSLPT, put it in the back of your pants.","Come to a Mariner's game. They're empty, so you can pretty much just find foul balls anywhere.","Texas Ranger fan here. Most times an employee will come find you and give you a ball just for keeping up with the tradition. ","It puts the home run ball back in our else it gets the hose again. ","I think it was this [guy](http://www.51allout.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/Homer-boxing.jpg)","Tony Gwynn wasn't the only one that put it in the 5.5 hole that night.","Looks like we got a badass over here","Oh right.  I forgot all about the milk bags, you friggin' weirdos.  What's next, throw fries and cheese curds on a plate and cover them in gravy?  ","On a big fucking plate. And I'm not sharing. Sorry.","Fun fact, milk cartons missing person has worked I think once. ","It's Coor Light, save yourself the time and pour it into the toilet.","Come one, come all! Gather around to see the man who doesn't like Coors Light! Big whoop.","So we can make fun of sports teams, but suddenly it's uncouth to make fun of beer? \n\nGo back to russia you communist. ","[deleted]","and it is your american right to do so, but its also my american right to accuse your beer, and sports team, of being the choice for sissies. \n\nthats the beautiful eden i want to live in. That's the america i believe in.","FUNKY BUTT LOVIN'","not to mention pop pop pop","Would you like my Skip Carey/Pete Van Weiren talking bobble head from last nights game? ","OH MY GODDDD","....by law stores can't give out free plastic bags?\n\nAnd you're calling us weird?\n\nWhat fucking business is it to the government if a store wants to give something away for free?","Reducing plastic waste and encouraging reusable bags","I'm guessing the intent is to conserve plastic. If you have to pay for the bag you're less likely to toss it in the trash and more likely to re-use it, thus reducing waste.","Happens in the US too","I think this is why they had security tags for a while! ","Plastic waste is of issue to the government no matter which corporation is perpetuating it. The law is in place because people don't give a fuck about the environment unless they're told they should. ","And yet so many people bring gloves to the game.","And yet, it would take minimal effort to rip/tear/cut that tag off and make off with a pocket full of bags anyways. \n\nI'm not sure which is worse... EAS tags on 10p bags or marmite. Strange happenings going on across the pond, mate. ","Too much effort. It's more about low effort strops than any serious attempt at profiteering. ","Ok... so I'll head over to London, steal all the 10p bags I can, then turn around and sell them for 8p without any EAS crap on them. So I made 8p profit per bag, so maybe in 40 years I'd have enough to take a tour of Buckingham Palace. ","Bwahahaha","No one? Fine, never tell me the odds.","Then you can tell people you and Lance Armstrong have something in common.","The braves are honestly the most frustrating team ever. On the cusp of being great, but never quite there. And then this year has started and oh boy ","That sounds like it would work great until the guy you're selling the home run ball to comes across the footage of you tossing it back.","I've been to so many games in my life, spring training too, since being a kid at 8 years old to being the responsible 36 year old I am now, and have not once caught a ball. One rolled under my damn seat once and my wife got on my case for not \"being fast enough with your hands\". So if I ever caught an opposing team's homerun ball, damn straight I'm keepin it. I'll take the heckling. Hell I'd even go to Wrigley, and if I caught an opposing team's homerun, I'd keep it. Then run for my life with said ball. \n","rowengartner, you suck!","This is what happens when we run out of beer cans after the 7th.","Yep. Just ask the Reds.","Throw*","thuruogh*","I don't know that I'd want any balls that have been around A-Rod.","Fuck man im actually lookin into buying gold to give you","We had that in Dallas to for about 5 minutes, till someone sued and it got thrown out as an unfair tax or something like that.\n\nI didn't mind it, until the fucking cashier wouldn't tell me until after our transaction that the bags were 5 cents extra and I'd have to put a charge of less than a quarter on my debit card.","If they can't fit them in their purse they don't want them. ","/r/frustratingupvotes","They are Canadian...they're prepared for everything ","Nick Swisher injected some life! /s","Nick Swisher is part of the Yankees AAA now. ","[deleted]","I'm glad I'm not the only one that thought that was nutty.  Like there was a baseball magnet on the end of his bat.","That's hilarious. I don't know much about baseball but it's funny the way everyone understands that tradition","Are you that happy kind of drunk guy at games? Like the ones that sang happy birthday to my dad when I took him to see the Rockies for his birthday?\n\nNinja(?) edit: Sorry if that came off as rude, a few things about what you said that reminded me of the conversation we had with them.","I try to be","Funny comment on disappointment with how the Brewers and Cubs seasons are going. ","ha your country is balls","Balls.","That's fine but then proving you still have the home run ball is a little hard.","I've been to 20-30 games and have gotten a couple balls. I do wonder what the chances are though, definitely depends on your seat location.","Keep in mind it has to be a home run from the opposing team haha.\n\nBut I could see if you're in left field, depending on the ballpark, you probably have a decent chance.","Same thing happens for hockey games. People will sometimes bring a spare hat to throw, on the off chance there is a hat trick.","Yep, saw and old man get escorted out of a Nats game for throwing the ball back. ","IT's kind of silly. It's a ball from the field of play, it should go back! Imagine if every out of bounds ball in basketball went to a fan!! It's the same situation!","Looks like she's saying \"I'll give you head\"","Is the fact that she drugged you to replace your balls the reason why you two broke up?","Figuratively speaking","How are the new ones holding up? Itchy?","No but they get a lot more use.","I always loved golf.","That was actually pretty funny.","Hey, that guy got his homerun ball, that's pretty nice of that guy.","Didn't seem to slow the Sandlots down ","Stay classy Packers fans.","As a fellow Braves fan... There is nothing else we can do for this season. The baseball gods (and the front office) have forsaken Braves Country for this season","The antithesis of Steve Bartman.","Someone should make this into a downvote gif.","no one does this lol","You haven't been keeping up on baseball, have you?","In some stadiums, you can get kicked out for throwing the ball back. ","Ha ha ha I have seen this happen quite often. I used to go to see the reds in Cincinnati when I lived in Kentucky and saw that happen too. ","10p? Assuming they were introduced around the same time Canada did it they'd be at least 50p + tax","Price tag above the bags said 10p. ","Godammit; Canadian stores need to stop this shit with intentionally upcharging us just because those companies are owned by a foreign company or they want to be competitive. Every time I go to a grocery store I get a plastic bag just to spite the 5c plastic bag charge at grocery stores and since the discount grocer near me doesn't have a tobacco license I go to the convenience store often. Also they stopped having the actual recycable paper bags around the same time. Its not like the 5c goes to charity.","Baseball is extremely superstitious, therefore many of the fans develop delusional thinking and strange habits, *just in case*. \nLike me, I bring a mitt, and I sit where no foul ball has ever gone.","lol so sorry your Thrashers got up and left- Atlanta fans do not care about their teams.","about half of atlanta residents were born somewhere other than georgia, so there's not a lot of incentive for those people to suddenly become fans of a different team(s) when they move here\n\nespecially when all our sports teams are not very good","I'm a Raiders and Braves fan, it's been a long time since I have cared about playoffs in any sport.","Ouch. Falcons aren't much better though.","I'm trusting the Braves farm system and the Raiders are looking better than I've seen them since the early 2000s. It was hard watching the FO trade away all the best players on the Braves, though. I couldn't believe it when they traded Kimbrel.","Looks like she's saying \"go ahead\"","Why are the announcers confused in the second video if this is tradition? ","They're not. Watch it again. The question is sarcasm. They are referencing the first video.","Lifelong Royals fan here: it can always get better. ","I hear ya, I watch every season regardless. Our next couple years look really promising, to accompany the new stadium","[Best one I've seen](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=mE5jjSPh39Y)","[deleted]","Oh hell, I don't know what to believe, now!","https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coors_Field#Reputation_as_a_home_run-friendly_park","[deleted]","I got you:\n\n\"Prior to the 2002 baseball season, studies determined that it was more the dry air rather than thin air which contributed to the more frequent home runs. It was found that baseballs stored in drier air are harder and therefore more elastic to the impact of the bat. A room-sized humidor was installed in which to store the baseballs, and since its introduction the number of home runs at Coors Field has decreased and is now nearly the same as other parks.[14]\"","more on par, but still not quite. Look at any team's stats in vs. out of Coors field\n","That's kinda crazy. I watched the gif looked up at the TV and this legit was the next pitch on Jays in 30 lol","Start following the hawks! ","She is cuuuute!","...yeah nobody does this","So acceptable and legitimately the best thing to do. ","In fact it's so acceptable that people shame you if now you don't.","[remember this woman?](http://i.imgur.com/S8pCpfr.gifv)","Do I remember the spawn of satan and embodiment of hatred and all thats wrong with the world? ","But you can't just blame her for this. I know that's easy, and that's comfortable. And I'm not blaming just you either, believe me.\n\n*We all share the blame equally for all of this.*","Thats cute, youre still at that stage in life where you think offering or adopting a dissenting opinion makes you special and unique. ","No, I'm really not doing that. Besides, why is any dissent at all bad? It isn't. Please try to be reasonable with me here. We don't all have to be so bitter. Put yourself in my place. Think about how you could think these things.\n\nI'm really just ***trying*** here, man","This bitch is on a whole other level.","Tossing a beer at her would have been so satisfying.","But what does that solve? Honestly, what does it solve? It just makes her feel worse, and you feel good. That's still not right, or *good*. And once again, I'm not trying to blame you. I'm not even angry, and I'm being so sincere with you. Or at least I'm trying. \n\nI'm done blaming individuals. That doesn't fix a damned thing and we all know it.\n\nSo let's all bear the blame equally. None of this would be possible if all of us agreed to stop.","Wisconsin vs Illinois sports rivalry. All but one of the parties involved got a good laugh out of it and the dad was a Cubs fan so it was his fault. The daughter sided with Mom and got the ball that made the final out of the game. I didn't get in a little kids face, just let him know why his sister got the ball and not him.\n\nIt doesn't solve anything obviously, but a huge part of sports is getting to talk trash to your rivals. ","I'm not talking specifics here. I mean everything. \n\nEverything that leads up to things and the things that those things lead to. We need to ask \"why\"?\n\nWhy is it a huge part of sports?\n","Yes, it's all of our social compulsions being used against us. What we have we **done**? I'm a \"downer\" for asking such questions. But I'll fucking be a goddamned downer if that's what it takes to change things. \n\nI really want to change things. I want to love. And that's seems crazy for no *good* reason.","Probably same reason you gotta put a quarter in the grocery cart to use it.  You get the quarter back when you return the cart. ","Fuck I'm a stupid cheap fuck. I thought they charged a quarter so I always looked for one that wasn't locked in.","From the country that brought the world toast sandwiches!","Would it be a fair out? If it went in stands and was thrown back in?","No","Come on, man...","That would make baseball really fucking awesome","So would the way the guy in Diamond City described baseball","how funny I thought the guy was just arguing with his girlfriend and was \"like idgaf about this ball or you.\"\n\nprojectinggggggggggggg","Rays fan, our team is a farm system for the mlb and we get to see our coach prospering in chicago.","BTW is this why the Braves, especially back in the 90's, focused on strong pitching lineups? Solid pitching + Atlanta humidity working together to keep balls from being hit out of the park? ","Interestingly enough before the Rockies, the Braves stadium was the \"high altitude\" stadium of MLB.  They used to call it the Fulton County Stadium Launching Pad.\n\nDoesn't matter what park you're in, stockpiling pitching is usually a really good idea but having ground ball/control pitchers in a park that plays small half the year is an even better idea.","They had strong pitching.... But Bobby Cox old school by the book baseball was shit for post season play.    ","Why? I know nothing of baseball :\\","I know nothing about baseball stats, but it's worth noting that humid air is less dense than dry air.  If you think of it as an ideal gas, each H₂O vapor molecule (mass 16) is displacing either N₂ (mass 28) or O₂ (mass 32) while taking up the same space.  This lowers the aggregate mass without changing volume, therefore lowering the aggregate density.","How can H2O be mass 16 but 2 O molecules have mass 32? Doesn't that mean 1 O will weigh 16?","Water has a mw of like 18. Two hydrogens one oxygen. ","yeah ok thats what i thought. cheers","Oops, meant to add 2 for the H₂ but forgot.  I meant mass 18.  Still a lot less than the mix of 28 and 32 that is dry air.\n","https://www.exploratorium.edu/baseball/howfar3.html There's some empirical data. It makes sense when you think about it, but I was honestly surprised when I read your post.","I can't speak for everyone but I bring a minimum of two balls to every game","The balls in england, I'm in france and your in America so I dont think a transaction's going to be easy. \n\nI went to two games of the Padres vs the Braves, I guess it was pre 1993 because kurt kubain was still alive. \n\nWe parked in a gravel/dirty carpark behind home plate. On the slow walk to the car I was hoping a ball would fly over the top as a few had gone in that direction early in the game and then one flew over. I ran right and got it after 1 bounce.  I have tried to find it on the map but maybe they have moved since then or updated it all. The weather was sunny, it was a day game and the Padres were losing. I had a padres hat I was wearing around town and some boy said to his father, 'why would you wear a padres hat? They are the worst team.'","&gt; A lot of people\n\nNo, not \"a lot\" of people.  There is literally one single gif of an old man doing this.","[deleted]","A handful of people might bring balls to a game.  An overwhelming majority do not.  Period.","It doesn't have to be an overwhelming majority to be a lot.","It's a known tradition though","&gt;  An overwhelming majority\n\nNo one said that though.","&gt;A handful of people \n\nA handful =/= a lot.","[removed]","Are they twins or lovers?","Why not both?","You just reminded me that Game of Thrones is on tonight. ","Exactly.","Anyone else bothered by that girls hair? Was it 80's night or something?","Bothered? It looks great!","Not really, she looks cute. ","All these downvotes are just wrong, guy just stated his opinion... downvoting will just make him not sharing his thought next time but will still think that","Canada.","Actually yes, if you're into hairstyles, you can easily be offended by that one.","Lol, all these downvotes. ","No shit.","you would be surprised it happens a lot ","Yes, that *should* be reasonable for all of us. \n\nIf the child wants the ball, and the man with the ball wants the child to have the ball, and we **all** want the child to have the ball, ***then why can't we give the child the ball.*** What sort of crazy world is this where each of us individually ignore what we *want?*\n\nAnd I'm not just talking about this situation, you know I'm not. I'm talking about *so* much.","Ask [this guy](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zack_Hample) about those odds. ","Never tell me the odds","/r/nevertellmetheodds","I KNEW i saw that King of Kong dude somewhere else!","I control+f'ed 'away' to find someone saying what I thought! You came up first!","It rolls back right as he's running back into the dugout lol perfect! ","This summarizes how much Torontonians actually care about sports.","Gees dude, toss it to a kid.","wasn't a toronto player that hit it. ","\"My bitch aint allowed to keep foul balls. The only balls she needs are mine!\"","Giants fan here. Heeey!","You mean your parents have it","Sell u/seredin that ball, dont be wierd ","This is not true at all. ","Had she caught that ball, does anyone know? ","Zero fucks given. ","They should have named that site jiphy.com just to infuriate people.","I'm confused as to how this would even mildly upset someone.","https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3dyhlw/gif_vs_jif/","[Because the war is not yet won.](http://i.imgur.com/R5H8qkE.png)","Tradition states you shouldn't keep an opposing team's home run. Unless it is actually worth something.\n\nThen keep it.","For love of the game man. Don't do this. That player might be on your team next year. Who knows. I get rivalries, but give respect to the players. Unless it's Yasiel Puig. Batflippin summa bitch.","Nope. I'm 35 and I've never gotten a ball, I'm keeping it, tradition be damned! ","[I remember seeing bags of these hanging in markets in China - I hear they're very salty](http://imgur.com/CGpL7Mf) ","they look.... fleshy","[deleted]","They have a very home run friendly park. You'd be surprised how huge of a difference the air resistance actually makes. It's actually 415 ft to straight away center, and 350 to left and right field. That's on the bigger side of most parks. ","[deleted]","How does this affect the air density?","I just did a little research, apparently it doesn't have as much to do with air density as I thought. It's more about the balls drying out and being \"bouncier\" off the bats. Hence the humidor keeping the balls more moist. It's kept the era almost a full point lower for NL pitchers at Coors since they installed it, so I guess that's helped. \n\nhttp://www.popsci.com/entertainment-amp-gaming/article/2008-11/why-do-colorado-rockies-keep-their-baseballs-humidor","I know you're kidding, but seriously. Walk the treeline or fence line near any rec ballpark or minor league park and you'll find more than a handful. Used to sneak under the old left field bleachers of Grayson stadium in Savannah and find buckets of them ","&gt; you'll find more than a handful\n\nSo, more than one? =]","Minor league and college games you can rack up on baseballs. I've been outside Slugger Field in Louisville and picked up 3 baseballs in the street, 3 different times. But I've gotten several from there and Tennessee Smokies games. When it's cold and nobody there you can send your kids down to get 5 in a game off foul balls.","The chick doesn't even flinch, shes knows whats up","I've got a Barry Bonds homerun ball from 1998 in a Ziploc in my nightstand. The only ball I've ever caught at a game, but I have no way to prove its authenticity.","Barry Bonds homerun ball*","But how can they then prove the ball that they kept is real? I mean, to themselves, yeah, they will know. But to anyone else, just to display it, or especially to try and sell it, how will anyone else believe the ball they kept is the real one?","None of this is really WORTH anything? None of this matters. None of us know anything, and we can't keep claiming to do so.\n\nBut do you know what I do know?\n\nI *know* what I *feel*. Even if I don't want to. I can't place meaning into my emotions the way I can with other things. I don't have to. I just... *feel*.\n\n*That matters.* ***That's worth something.***","Must be nice. People are into soccer around here and there is no way you are getting a hard object like a baseball into the stadium, because assholes with no life outside of their sports team will throw shit at the opposing team or the ref.","I'll play the heel and get the crowd to boo me for not throwing it back. ","Was that the rookie of the year\n","[deleted]","Are you making a joke? \n\nI'm asking because I honestly want to know. I'm not angry or anything, I know you could think that.","It's 100% a joke.  I just found his wording to be funny so I went with it.  I guess it wasn't obvious.  Sorry","It's fine. We make mistakes. That's okay. Just in case it isn't clear, I'm trying to completely, nearly painfully honest here. I just feel like it's the best way.","Speaking of trying to sneak in something to a game,  I feel like should always buy a lotto ticket when I go to a game. I am always one of the people chosen at \"random\" to be searched. ","I posted this below but this dude pisses me off so much I have to repost:\n\nI cant stand this guy. By all accounts, Im a pacifist but I just want to punch this guy in the face so bad. He's the perfect mixture of desperation and smugness. Watching him hustle all over ball parks, lying and deceiving players, coaches, and fans alike just to get a worthless $2 piece of rubber and leather. He steals chances for little kids to leave a game with a token of the great memory they'll have going to the ballpark and he's smug about it. He's so pathetic just [look at the guy.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRwk6W22EAc) Worst. Person. Ever. (that isnt doing anything illegal or harming anyone else)","I dunno man, I read about him when he caught Arod's record breaking HR ball and traded it for a signed bat and $150k to charity.  He's a harmless big kid that's taken something fun and turned it into a few books and a charity to do good.  Most of his balls come from batting practice hours before the game, which anybody could get.  If you want a ball, he's literally written books telling you how to do it.  Compared to the average mouth breathing human this guy seems pretty good.","It's his pasttime, and I'm pretty sure there's enough to go around -- little kids still get thrown balls! And did you read the article? At least at some point he turned it into a pledge-based charity project... just my opinion, but I think he's a great guy. \"Smugness\" isn't really a reason to hate somebody.","&gt;A great guy\n\nWhat proof do you have to base that assessment on? Yes, I did read the article. Did you actually watch the video linked or see any of the other videos this tool is in? He's a gloryhound that literally wrestles balls away from kids whenever there is a scram for a loose ball and gloats after the fact. He keeps every ball and never gives up or hands over any of his precious mementos even when faced with a crying 8 year old (8 year olds, dude) that just wanted one keepsake, when this loser literally has thousands. As for the charity pledges? Not a bad gig considering he doesnt have to donate any of his own money or the balls he collects, but still receives the goodwill publicity. This guy sucks.","I didn't see the ones of my man wrestlin for balls lol. That is pretty messed up!","*THROW IT BACK!  THROW IT BACK!*","And gas-fired appliances are far less efficient.","1-10 at home now, yet paid attendance was over 30,000 today. In all sincerity, hats off to Braves fans for their aggregate stomachs of steel.","bobblehead day today, plus it was sunday afternoon\n\nthat being said, never trust stadium numbers. turner field has been absolutely barren since midway through last year, and most of the fans that show up are transplants who moved to atlanta and root for the away team.","It was sad watching the braves run all the way to the post season like every year and then take a shit.","this year we just skipped to the last part immediately and will presumably continue to do so for the rest of the season","I save all my grocery bags in a big grocery bag. ","Exactly what I thought, this guy's wife has probably been saying the same thing for 50 years","Can confirm, I even write \"kept the real one\" on my throw away. ","She's cute","I mean, we sell a lot of products in the \"Bag O'\" line.. like Bag O' Glass, Bag O' Nails, Bag O' Bugs, Bag O' Vipers, Bag O' Sulfuric Acid...","Because a container goes gulp gulp gulp and gets allll over. A bag you just unsqueeze to get an instant stop. It works 100x better if you try it. Method sells bags of soap for this reason.","What tradition? It was a Cubs thing that didn't start until the late 60's and only very recently has started to spread to other parks, a dude was kicked out of Coor's Field last week because it is actually against stadium rules. \n\nThis is something people are trying to push out to other stadiums and it isn't a tradition it is people trying to copy a tradition. ","&gt; it is people trying to copy a tradition.\n\nso... like every tradition ever.","This is a baseball thing sorry to burst your bubble.  If you want to get technical sure, it may have started with the Cubs.  But I've been a baseball fan for over 25 years and this has been a commonplace for as long as I remember.","I've been a baseball fan for longer than 25 years, and this is a Cubs thing.","I've been a baseball fan for 20 years, this is definitely more of a Wrigley thing than anywhere else. ","I've been a baseball fan for 21 years. This is definitely not more of a Wrigley thing than anywhere else.","Lol agree to disagree","Wouldn't take sports advice from the guy who likes the Celtics and the rangers.","Wouldn't take sports advice from a guy that doesn't realize the Cubs are the origin of throwing the ball back. \n\nIf every team starts throwing octopus on the ice, it would still be a Red Wings \"thing\".\n\nhttp://www.pinstripealley.com/2013/9/13/4723520/yankees-fans-home-run-balls-cubs-red-sox\n\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wrigley_Field#Traditions_and_mainstays\n\n\n","Here you are debating the origins of it when my original post said, regardless of where it started it's a baseball thing now.\n\nPeople are saying it's more of a cubs thing which simply is not true.\n\nArgue the point at hand not a different one.\n\nEdit: actually no, it would be an NHL thing if everyone started throwing octopuses out.  Just like hats are thrown for a hat trick regardless of where it started.","It's a cubs tradition copied by other teams. \n\nCopying something doesn't make it your own. \n\nThrowing a ball back is a wrigley tradition. Anyone else doing it is only doing so because of wrigley. \n\nJust like a lot of teams use \"terrible towels\" it is still a Pittsburgh Steelers thing. \n\nIt is most definitely more of a Cubs thing than anyone else. Go to a cubs game and you're expected to throw the ball back, go to any other stadium and no one is going to yell at you to throw the ball back. \n","People take ideas from people all the time, look at any culture around the world.\n\nYou insist because it may have started at Wrigley it makes it a cubs thing, and you're just plain wrong.\n\nJust because you say, but it started at Wrigley that means it never left wrigley.\n\nI guess all rivalries between teams are copying the redsox and yankees.","Yeah, it was Cubs only for decades, and now everybody thinks it's so funny and damn it it's a Cubs thing let us have it","Well we all put up ugly disgusting tv screens in our stadiums and you  took that from us. So unless you take down your gigantic tv, you can deal with us throwing balls back. :-P","I'd be okay with that","Other people doing it doesn't take anything away from the Cubs. ","All the kids are gonna downvote you but you are correct.","As a life long White sox fan/cubs hater, I can confirm this stupidity started (and should stay) @ Wrigley. ","yeah i've been going to the skydome for years. i catch a ball i keep it i dont give a shit who hit it. (although usually its joey)","Not that I live close enough to be going to games, but for me it would be find the nearest kid to hand the ball off to. ","thats sweet and fine, just don't try to make me give mine away. lol i've been collecting.","You're 100% correct. This is only tradition in Wrigley field. Everywhere else is just emulating them. ","There's a fine line between, \"I would never\" and \"Fuck tradition, imma eBay \"","Like a record breaking HR ball? I'm keeping it.","She was defo wanting to keep it, that scowl she gives him lofl ","I think the title is more like: Give it back already, sweetie.","My friend's mother is from the UK. She said growing up cricket was pretty big over there. So when the balls came out it was a custom to throw it back.. She moved to the US to attend college and went to a Yankees game. She caught a home run, then threw it back while all the fans gasped. ","in cricket you have to throw it back, the condition of the ball etc has a huge impact on the game. You can't just keep using new balls. If you refuse to give it back often security will come and get it from you and maybe even kick you out. Poor girl probably assumed the same with baseball!","Do you know if they use a new ball for every game? You mentioned the condition of a ball effecting the game, which I only assume can be compared to playing frisbee golf- and having a disc chip when it hits a tree. It'll always throw different after that. Interesting though! ","Yes every game, each team will start with a new ball, it's just that as the game goes in, the wear and tear starts to effect the ball and how it bounces, spins etc, ultimately affecting a players ability to hit the ball, It's harder to hit a new ball than an old one, because a new one bounces and spins far more, therefore it's unfair to just bring out a new ball each time it gets hit into the crowd, so they try to keep the same ball throughout the game, until the umpire decides the old ball is too damaged and it's time for a new one. sometimes it's impossible to retrieve the ball like if it's hit out the stadium etc, so they usually keep a few spare balls of different conditions to replace the lost ball with.","That's absolutely fascinating! I appreciate you sharing the knowledge! I live in the states so I don't have many chances to watch the game. I've seen a few local leagues but that's the extent of my experience. May I ask how you got to be so versed with cricket!","haha it's ok! I'm British, so we grew up playing that and rugby! I enjoy it a lot but it's a dying sport (although t20 has bought some life back into it) probably our 3rd or 4th most popular sport, it really is the equivalent of baseball to you guys. Football(Soccer) being the main sport similar to your NFL/NBA. ","Have you heard about the movie concussion? That should've been made for rugby instead of American Football. I do wish it was bigger over here. I enjoy the lack of laces. A friend of mine was from over the pond growing up and we played around a bit! What's T20? So many new terms :p \n\nEdit: Also any other sports you chaps play that we don't over here? ","We actually get gas with a slightly higher octane rating because of this too, our regular unleaded is 89 instead of 87.","You mean slightly lower.... octane in the rocky mountains are lower than the rest of the country. The regular unleaded here is 85. Not 87 or 89.","I have a ball from around that same time.  It was a Spring training game, and I got Andre Dawson to sign it afterwards.  \n\nStill probably not worth anything though.","A ball signed by a major league Hall of Famer? Yeah, just throw it in the garbage, I'm sure it's not worth *anything*.","Last time I looked it up it was supposedly worth like $35. Though I doubt I could find anyone who would actually give me that.","Really thought the guy in the first vid popped the ball up to his hand and then handed it off to the homerun hitter all smooth. ","Bill from pawn shop here, the best i can give you is $20,000","Fuckin Canadians","Wade Boggs' 3000th hit (a home run) landed three rows in front of me. So close!","At least we swept the Marlins!!! ^^^^^^/s","I love how you can see her say \"Nope... okay.\" Wow awesome! If anyone is reading this comment, let me know! I'd love to know that I'm being noticed. ","you've been noticed :)","Fuck you.",":(","That pocket does look perfect for a baseball though.","On a side note, she's a 10.\n","While I don't want to turn this into a game of objectify the woman, I do have to state that we have wildly different standards of beauty.","The tone of your post and your choice of username don't match!","Implying *any* woman is a ten. Tens don't exist pal, there is no such thing as a perfect woman.","Wht he do dat?","She's saying \"throw the ball\".","Bags don't stand up on their own. That's where the problem comes in. That is why they make hard body plastic containers.","Finally","You don't get away with that shit at Wrigley.","To quote a Canadian: *Is it too late now to say sorry? Because I am missing more than just your body...*","Where's that? University of Wyoming?","&gt; University of Wyoming\n\nNegative we're about 600 feet higher than them. West State Colorado univ","Ah, cool.  I've driven through there, gorgeous area.","I'll give you $4 for the bag.","why are you dressed like indianapolis jones?","Can it, Wazowski","I bring baseballs so I can sell them to Cardinals fans. Most of them have never seen a baseball up close before. ","How very Canadian of him. ","Awesome! lol! :) ","&gt; I wish more things came in bags, so much easier to dispense into containers.\n\nso you would prefer more things to come in bags, as opposed to containers, so that then they are more easily dispensed into containers? Why not just buy it in a container in the first place then?\n","So I'm mainly thinking of things I can put in reusable, nice containers - hand soap, dish soap, shampoo... Mostly different kinds of soaps. It looks nicer, it's cheaper buying in bulk, and it produces less waste.","I thought only Cubs fans did this?","No, it's become a league-wide thing at this point and has even bled into other sports. I caught an away team's Field Goal that went through the uprights and then continued hooking left and missed the net. Threw it back.","I laughed because I am not a sports person and thought he was just throwing her ball back like lol biiiitch","And you get drunk faster...","Not our fault we only have beers in hand to throw when angry instead of fancy braclets like in Philly /s","Did you mail the insurance ball? *cuts to Gob throwing ball into field, just for it to get caught in an updraft and fly back up*","*Segway slowly rolls backward*","Can't throwing items on the play field get you tossed out of the park, even if the item is a played baseball?","i am confused, by opposing team you mean the away one ?","He dropped it like his diet","Saw that on TV.  I was shocked a Jays fan knew enough or cared enough about baseball to do that.\n","This made me very proud to be a Jays fan - good job, dude.","Jesus fuck! I didn't Know this was a fucking thing! I'm gonna carry a baseball everywhere now!","Which college?","Western state colorado univ","Winters must be fun.","Quite a bit of fun indeed. It's actually snowing out side and thunderstorming right now. All around fun weather.","Man I want snow :/","Most fuel is also a lower octane in the Rockies as well.\n\nSince less air is getting into the engine, you don't need a super high octane rating as you won't be pinging at those altitudes.","AhhhhTHATS why! I drove  back and forth across the country a lot a few years back and noticed that in any state that had the Rockies the octane fuel was always low.  \n\nI always wondered if I was going to harm my engine using that low octane fuel because it was less than the recommended.   It was fine butbi used to grumble at the pump grrr can't even get normal fucking gas here.  \n\n","There aren't as many home runs hit there anymore, but the bigger field just leads to more doubles. It's still the highest scoring stadium in the majors by a significant margin. ","Cool! I haven't really kept track, I just remember all that talk about it when the Rockies were up for the pennant about 10ish years ago  ","Hey, that was kinda warrented... ","Why not turn around and see if there is some young kid looking for it first?","touche","D!","Tradition states that you shouldn't keep anything unless it's actually worth something.","Thought that was only tradition at Wrigley","was gonna say... wouldn't just making the field 9% longer than those at sea level offset that? if anyone really cared. \n\nbut it doesn't really matter because both teams in the game have the same edge. ","Presumably the Rockies have an advantage because they can draft taking into account that offense for them is more valuable (since they are playing half of their games on an offensive field).","They must be terrible at everything else then.","Yep, pitching especially.","Coors Field is already has largest field in the Majors. If you move the walls back any more it would be too big for the outfielders to cover and you'd have a huge jump in doubles, triples, and inside the park home runs.","I'm seen somebody ejected for throwing the ball back. "],["Does anyone have a different link to this? It appears to be broken. \n","[Found it without the caption.](http://i.imgur.com/j4cuqbF.gif)","Better quality.\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TRslKY04CIQ\n\nAt the :59 mark.","Sure its a bad tackle, but look at it from this angle. That man just picked up another man (a professional might I add) with one hand who was charging at him.... Then slammed him. I'm impressed. ","I believe this video was from when Texas played Rice, so neither of them were professionals. It's still impressive, but I don't think quite at the level you're saying.","Bad form and all, if I had been carrying that ball the play would have had the exact opposite outcome","There's a reason you're supposed to tackle low. That defender got embarrassed for being an idiot. ","annnnnnnnd removed :/ ","Original Beast Mode.","I just like the ref's reaction when he signals the touchdown. ","Sports science should calculate the amount of force delivered. He completely lifts a 200 lbs man going the opposite direction and carries him for 5 yards. ","Sadly watching this makes me think of the toll football and his running style took on his body. He could barely walk 25 years later.","That was more from the genetic narrowing of his spinal canal than the wear and tear from football.","Honestly bad form or not you still don't tackle Earl "],["GOAT","Will never get tired of watching Ronnie.\n\nEdit: Obligatory [vidya](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=bpeBugHSCnU) for my Ronnie crew.","Wow. I watched all 6 minutes of that without a second thought","Every time I see this, I choke when the announcer starts talking about the maximum before it's done. If someone did that in baseball they'd get choked out.","That little smirk, he knows he's the shit ","What a player","Will someone who knows snooker far better than I do please explain what happened to me? Obviously hitting that many walls and still being accuracy is damn good, but why did he have to do that ","At that stage in the game, Ronnie has to pot the Green ball, which obviously is almost impossible for him to do from that situation. However, even though he can't pot the Green, he still has to hit it or else it's a foul, and he also can't hit any other colour before it hits the Green. What he managed to do here is not only escape a very difficult situation but also provide his opponent with an equally tricky one","Thanks. Some quick googling tells me this guys is pretty good at snooker huh?","He once said to an opponent something alone the lines of \"I'm so much better than you I can beat you with my left hand\". The guy took him to court for slander or whatever and the judge said it isn't disrespectful if its true and commissioned a game to test it. Ronnie won.","sounds like bollocks to me - nothing on google. source?","http://www.independent.co.uk/sport/anger-over-left-leaning-osullivan-1306125.html\n\n&gt;O'Sullivan qualified for the last 16 with a 10-3 demolition of the French Canadian Alain Robidoux. But he angered Robidoux with his decision to play a number of shots towards the end left-handed.\n\nhttp://www.independent.co.uk/sport/general/snooker-bad-breaks-mount-up-for-a-troubled-soul-428502.html\n\n&gt;It had been a similar story in 1996 when he played left-handed ­ and won ­ against Alain Robidoux in the World Championships. The young Englishman was summoned to a disciplinary hearing where he was asked to prove he could play to a professional standard left-handed. Three winning frames later, against Rex Williams, and the charge of bringing the game into disrepute was dropped. And so the cracks had merely been masked by his own undoubted genius.","Don't let the truth get in the way of a good story","Ahhh that's a shame. It was definitely on wikipedia at one point. I sort of deliberately left out a source so you wouldn't believe me and look it up. \n\nAnyway he's a talk snooker page about it: \n\nhttp://www.talksnooker.co.uk/guides/snooker_legends_rocket_ronnie_o_sullivan.html\n\nEdit: and a TIL from a couple of years ago which shows it was on wikipedia at some point: \n\nhttps://www.reddit.com//r/todayilearned/comments/1lxv1m/til_in_1996_snooker_player_ronnie_osullivan_was/?sort=top","yeah - a disciplinary hearing and being sued for slander are not the same thing. interesting though","I misremembered. I got the gist of it though. That counts right?","Not really an equally tricky one, since the opponent has to hit the green AFAIK, and the green is close by. He will probably be unable to put it in a pocket, but he also won't have to work fucking magic to touch it.","In snooker you have to hit a red ball followed by one of the other colours, then a red ball, one of others and so forth.\n\nMy guess is seeing as he has run out of reds to hit and he's going to lose his go, he wanted to put the ball somewhere hard for his opponent.\n\nJust a guess though.","You guessed wrong","Looks like it :)","Almost as good as Van Hammersly, almost\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YraqJ7KDm7c","His record breaking 147 completed in just 5 minutes is one of my favourite videos of any sport, it is so perfectly flawless, what a fantastic snooker player and legend. ","sexy beast.\n","Has he ever lost? I only ever see clips where he crushes the opponent or gets out of a shot like this. Also, when they make the movie, they have to get Christoph Waltz to play Ronnie.","sometimes I miss Eurosport","All the more impressive since it was versus Trump.","as long as he's beating trump i'm happy","In your face Donald Trump. ","the mozart of pool","but was he able to stump the trump?","Not a sport","Shut up!","Thought that said Rossie O Donnell "]],"Unexpected":[["What are those animals!?","Ground Caribou.","Not to be confused with Air Caribou ","or Water Caribou","Or Fire Caribou","Everything changed when the Fire Caribou attacked.","https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEAKXokjwzg","Or Heart Caribou","Or Captain Caribou","Or Caribou Lou","151 rum, pineapple juice and malibu","Caribou Lou is 151 Malibu rum and pineapple so what's this weakness you're tryna sell me?","Or 10 carabuu land ","Oh God No. I've never been so shitfaced in my life.","Oh caribou, my caribou","[deleted]","Well that was rude.","[deleted]","How did he screw up when it was a Captain Planet reference?","Or space carabuu? Haven't heard of them in a while. ","Wouldn't they be Aribou?","Airibou","[Bearibou](http://i.imgur.com/vtQumtC.jpg)","Slash R slash hybrid animals ","Sounds like an animal Aang would like.","*Raindeer*","Or grilled caribou.","Nibbling at the hoops!","I don't know they seem pretty whole and intact to me.","They look like Tahr.","If memory serves, this is the correct answer. I think this was filmed in new Zealand, and there are no caribou here.","Yup, live in NZ and have hunted them before, definitely Tahr. Aka majestic fluffy mountain goat.","Scared","This is not loading right \n...\n*woah*","[How Not To Be Seen](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zekiZYSVdeQ)","\"Mrs. B. J. Smegma\"","Hold the camera?","[How Not To Be Seen](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GUEHfAtKT9o) Halo style.","The fuck did I just watch?","Monty Python","Ze Fluying Circusssssssssssssssssss","If you didn't watch any of the Monty Python you're a lucky bastard with lots of hours of laughter awaiting for you.","I've thought that before too, but some people I've met really don't seem to enjoy their brand of humor.","Stay far away from those people.","England. ","Had to rewatch it to see it wasn't faked!","Someone shot a gun and they all scatter.  You can see where the projectile makes dust from hitting the rocks.","I think what they meant was that the animals were there already in the first place.","[deleted]","*whoosh*","[deleted]","Completely missed OC's point.","[deleted]","God damn you're dumb","The animals weren't expecting the shotgun shot you mental midget","###WHOOSH","/r/IamVerySmart","Seeya!","Almost tough to see a difference after the gif resets.","They done R-U-N-N-O-F-T.","http://youtu.be/6x0Al5QkxDE","I was expecting a giant flash flood. Was surprised.","Damn burrowing Zerg.","That's a zergling, Lester","Smaller type of zerg. They wouldn't be out this far unless...","I love you Sarge...","Those cinematics messed with me so much as a kid lol.","The hills have hooves. ","WHY ISN'T THE GIF WORKI--- oh. ","I kept waiting to see what they were running from","I think it's a gunshot that hits one of the rocks","That guy was way off. ","He was obviously a rock hunter. The good rocks like to hide in larger animal groups. ","\"And the one on the left side of the mantle, that's basalt. Yep, tracked it from Maui to Hawai'i. Tough sonofabitch, too. The one on the right? That's sandstone from the Outback. Real mean. Couldn't get within 200 yards without it gettin' spooked. Had to come up downwind to get the drop on it, let me tell ya'.\"","underrated comment","Tough to hit what cannot be seen.","I totally thought this was a jpeg photo at first","That was a terrible shot. ","They all fucking took off when I clicked on the screen!! Haha","Someone was shooting downhill and didn't correct for the changed trajectory.","They all ran the same way.","Reminds me of my perils in Oregon Trail :(","o_o ......... O_o Ohhhhh","Holy shit. I \"thought\" I saw one animal prior to them taking off. Possibly a dog. ","Shooting at a rock? Or a terrible aim?","That was a terrible shot.","Anyone else see zerglings?","RIP Mufasa","When there's a girl on reddit...","Damn, looks like rock soup tonite.","Did the hunter miss?!?! There were more caribou than ground. How?!","I could see several and was half-expecting it. But the sheer number of them got me by surprise.","[deleted]","You didn't know they were there, don't try to act like you did. ","[deleted]","I believe you. After waiting a few seconds for something to happen I looked closer and was like \"Hey is that an animal sititng there?\". Didn't expect so many. But they aren't so well hidden you wouldn't notice them if you where paying attention. I could also see how you wouldn't notice them if you weren't looking for them too."],["T:Are you interested in learning about our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ?\n\nM:You know actually I am.\n\nT:Then come here and learn you bitch...\n\nM: Oh, ummmm....\n\n\nedit: Well I'm glad I'm not the only one to drop out of Sunday school...","T: You're going to Hell forever unless you mentally think \"come into my heart, Jesus.\"\n\nM: What if I don't think there's sufficient evidence to believe any of that?\n\nT: Then he'll torture you forever and ever for all eternity.\n\nM: Why the fuck would he do that?\n\nT: Because he loves you.","Knock knock!\n\nWho's there?\n\nJesus, let me in!\n\nJesus who? And why should I let you in?\n\nJesus your God, let me in to keep me from burning you forever and ever...\n\nUmm.... I'm calling the cops creep. ","The Christian perspective is that Hell is the result of a sinful life, not a punishment for not accepting God. Anyway, not trying to start an argument here, check out this [page](http://www.gotquestions.org/eternal-hell-fair.html) for more info. ","&gt; The Christian perspective is that Hell is the result of a sinful life, not a punishment for not accepting God.\n\nIs atheism a sin?","If you follow the ten commandments, one of them is pretty clear about forsaking the name of the lord or something like that. As well there is one about not taking up false idols. Atheists who \"worship\" other things such as money and power and such, in a roundabout way, could be considered a sin. Yes.\n\nThe Christians who got it right are the ones who realize the point of a concept of sin: we are sinful in everything we do, because we are human, and we have free will, which means inevitably we will all sin and sin again.\n\nOr something. I dunno. I stopped going to church a long time ago, but the Bible has some pretty cool books in it that are written masterfully, if you really look at it objectively.","\"Using the Lord's name in vain\" is referring to blasphemy, and the worship of idols is also in the 10 commandments, but one can argue what worship is very easily.","oh yea, many years of sunday school taught me a lot of ways that things can be skewed just a bit :-p\n","There's more than just 10 commandments. .","Well, if you believe unbelief in a deity is a sin, then my short dialog is exactly right. It's especially egregious to punish an honest belief of the brain, a mental state arrived at through inquiry.","I don't personally believe unbelief is a sin. I think if there could ever be such a being that is anything close to Jesus that ever existed, he would have wanted us to ask questions and explore the world he gave us. I never really understood the \"contemporary\" portrayal of Jesus/God to be a wrathful one, or a narcissitic one.\n\nThe core message of the new testament, to me, is one that preaches acceptance and cautionary thought. I don't believe life was gifted to us so we would spend it in a temple worshiping the Lord. I think a lot of those concepts were invented by man to shape behavior long ago, hence why most of that stuff is in the old testament.\n\nI believe that we are all here to just enjoy the ride, man. And Jesus was just saying, like, be good and be good to each other, because man, it's a drag when you waste your time punishing those who you think are wrong, and so on. Jesus' sacrifice isn't a \"get out of jail free\" card for sinners, it's supposed to be a wakeup call... Like, \"HEY! Chill out and enjoy what you have, because look how BAD it can get.\"\n\nBut that's just me. I would identify as an agnostic over anything. Most atheists I know seem to really feed off of having to be right about everything. But then again, so do most Christians I know. So it goes.","Everyone is born with original sin, so everyone not a Christian is unredeemed. It's just bullshit; they're making up a problem that only they can solve.","No it's not. The point is that you cannot *not* do sin in your everyday life. Then, with differing requirements in different branches of Christianity, you can be brought to heaven or left to the abyss or hell or whatever, which again depends on your preferred choice of religion.\n\nPersonally, I'd go for protestant branches (most if not all I think) that only require for you to ask for forgiveness (even with your dying breath, if you actually believe it) for you to go into heaven, the alternative being just an eternity of nothingness.","That seems like semantics. It's still a punishment that it exists. My God would never even allow this eternal damnation as a possibility. ","Once had a lady tell me I'm going to hell because I don't believe in Jesus. I really didn't know what to say.","Your going to a place you don't believe in because you don't believe in it.","T: You're going to Hell forever unless you mentally think \"come into my heart, Jesus.\"\n\nM: What if I don't think there's sufficient evidence to believe any of that?\n\nT: Then he'll torture you forever and ever for all eternity.\n\nM: Why the fuck would he do that?\n\nT: Because he loves you, bitch","T: You're going to Hell forever unless you mentally think \"come into my heart, Jesus.\"\n\nM: What if I don't think there's sufficient evidence to believe any of that?\n\nT: Then he'll torture you forever and ever for all eternity.\n\nM: Why the fuck would he do that?\n\nT: Because he loves you, bitch.","yup, makes sense to me. \n\n/s","TLDR; I overreacted a lot at the miniature religious conflict in the comments. Anyways here is a unwarranted rant asking the redditors here to respect other people's beliefs and not be jerks.\n\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nIt pains me to see the infamous atheism v. religion conflict break out here in the comments over such silliness. Why should we berate and belittle our fellows if their beliefs differ from ours? For self-validation at the expense of others? While this post is mainly directed at those who have posted hateful comments, I would like to ask all here to be more tolerant, respectful, and understanding of others' beliefs.\n\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nBefore I continue, you should know that I AM a christian, and such my view will be biased in that way and christian morality and tenets (or at least my version of it) will seep into this post. Additionally, will not be able to meaningfully discuss other religions within this post. However, I will try my best to remain objective. Afterall, it is not only the nonreligious I am writing to, but also my brothers in Christ.\n\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nAs a christian I must say proselyting, at it's most basic level, is a righteous action, if awkward. But there is no reason to go on a crusade! Aggressive Defensiveness and disdain towards the nonreligious is unwarranted, even when Christianity is under attack. At the end, it is up to the individual to decide what he or she beliefs in and whether or not to accept God; we may be able to convince them in one direction but we cannot force them. It is their choice alone to make. Christianity's tenets call for love and respect of neighbors, thus, we should act as Christians. It proves much better for proselyting.\n\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nTo the nonreligious and atheists; some posts here have been very aggressive towards religious values. Is it necessary to prove that God is fake? Does atheism, like Christianity, require people to be converted to it's cause for their own good? People find solstice in religion; the hope that life for them and their love ones will extend past death, the comfort of a heavenly hand guiding them through turbulent times, the peace that comes from believing that humanity is not just another blip in the universe, that their lives are not meaningless, but rather that they have a important place within the world given to them by the loving deity who had placed them into existence. Why rob this amenity from them by arousing doubt, or risk their zeal by insulting them?\n\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nI would like to point out that it is impossible to disprove or prove the extensive of a God (or gods.) Man cannot, especially the modern man, explore and fully comprehend all existence and anything else that might also exist. If a deity initiated the start of this universe, then retreated to another universe - a universe inaccessible in all ways to mankind - immediately afterward and did nothing these billions of years, could we prove the god's existence? Absolutely not. However, it would be incorrect to say that the god does not exist. Thus, while religions certainly make more assumptions, both Christianity and atheism are faiths; based on things that can not be concretely proven. Until the end times proves otherwise, only the righteous will be \"right.\"\n\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nI cannot fathom that a loving God could condemn anyone to eternal torture and death, even though as sinners we deserve it. It is my biggest doubt in Christianity. I desperately hope that God will draw all to him and save all of us during the end times, and the lake of fire a scare tactic merely to get us on the Christian path early. I ask you, please do not give God reason to condemn anyone. You can debate for your side, but do not be hateful. Respect others beliefs, be tolerant, and, for the love of God, love thy neighbor. ","If you donate 5$ to spacex I will permenantly not give a shit about your beliefs.","Atheism is not a faith system.  It's not believing in any deity. \n\n And while  it us impossible  to disprove the existence of a God (arguably,  since we can use the same logic and attribute it to any mythical being)  it can be quite easy to disprove the existence of the god/s proposed in the various Holy books that exist today.  \n","Some atheists seriously get their knickers in a knot when you describe atheism as a belief system that there is no god.","It's like kids arguing about whether black is a colour.","T: man is selfish and greedy so he is unable to enter a place of absolute holiness without being made holy through the sacrifice of Christ.\n\nM: what if I don't think there's sufficient evidence to believe any of that?\n\nT: since he loves you he has given you thousands of years of written testimony from dozens of sources, verbal testimony of changed lives, and the miracles he has performed as an incarnate man so that, hopefully, you will recognize your unholiness and ask him to make you holy so that you aren't cast out of his presence and into a place of evil void of anything good.\n\nM: why the fuck would he do that?\n\nT: because he loves you.","Everyone born before Jesus is going to Hell!🎤","\"Abraham trusted God and his faith was counted to him as righteousness.\"\n\nBoom. Saved.","But Abraham Lincoln was born after Jesus, stupid!","Good point.","So did the earlier Greco-Roman folk. They trusted their gods. They should be fine.","\"They were wrong so everyone is wrong\"?  Strong logic.","Who says they were wrong? You have no proof.\n\nUnfounded assumptions from yourself right there. ","\"‘No, don’t move,’ he added as Arthur began to uncurl himself, ‘you’d better be prepared for the jump into hyperspace. It’s unpleasantly like being drunk.’  \n‘What’s so unpleasant about being drunk?’  \n‘You ask a glass of water.’\"\n\nBoom. I like fiction novels too.","Wow reddit is pretty fedora today. Or am I in the wrong sub again? ","Honestly, what a bunch of assholes today","You have chosen to regard the bible as fiction.\n\nThat is your choice, you can't blame God.","I mean, you haven't demonstrated she exists so I'm not sure who we are supposed to blame here.","You can't blame a nonexistent being.","So how about the time they spent in hell until that happened?\n\nSt Peter's just sitting by the pearly gates offering conciliatory fist bumps on the way up like \"Hey, bro, we're cool right?\"","M: But that written testimony is all wrong and immoral.\n\nT: It is neither wrong nor immoral.\n\nM: There are two contradictory creation accounts. Gays should be killed for being gay. Raped women must marry their rapists. There was no worldwide flood. \n\nT: Those are just metaphors.","He said *sufficient* evidence.","I really want to give you gold, beautifully written","Is Jesus a necrophile or what, I'm fine with just coming on your beard, no need to come in your heart..","Who said he was referring to Jesus?","that's true fam","I was worried about flunking out of Sunday school as a kid. I slowly began to realize there was no work or homework there and treated it like a vacation.","&gt; woaw","Christopher Woawken","ask and ye shall recieve, sucka: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRrPmJ94UZo","It's LD","HE GOTTA USE IT SOON! HE WILL! WOOOAAAAAW!","Unbelievable! He's crazier than a road lizard!","[Woaw](https://youtu.be/KlLMlJ2tDkg)","good language please bud!","Hey guise, welcome to heebee games","? ","!","David?","Snake?","Praise the Lord and pass the ammunition!","[Tim Curry went to arkansas once](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8AvDDj8gqB8)","That actually looks like a really good movie! I've never heard of it before!","dat walk of life tune reference  :')","Ok, this looks awesome.","Damn, I think I'm going to cover that song with my band. Never heard it before. ","Where at","God is good but he is not.","Lmfao\n","Straight up not even trying to deny it and she's a cunt about it.","she?","Why not she? Have to assume its a dude?","In English, he is the preferred pronoun for an unknown gender. Alternatively, you can use the less formal, singular they. Using she implies that you know the gender. ","In my English class we were told to just pick one. Didn't matter which, just pick one be consistent","Actually I don't think that's true anymore. Used to be \"he or she\" and now it's just \"she.\" At least that's what a lot of my textbooks say. ","Women's Studies?","D&amp;D 3.X does a lot.","I see it a lot in my business classes and some economic research papers. Not saying it's the rule, but it definitely isn't incorrect to use \"she.\" ","Yall need Zoidberg!","Hooray! I'm relevant!","[amen.](http://i.imgur.com/8JDM6YB.gif)","Y not zoidburg?","A-fucking-men.","Made me think of [Jesse Pinkman.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h40mWG3JAMs)","He sounds kinda retarded in that clip","It's the scene where he's threatening the two meth-heads, so he's throwing a fit inside their wreck of a home."," Im sorry, I've never watched Breaking Bad. ","&lt;3 Jesse, he knew you know, life things","Amen, bitch!","Thou hypocrite.","Guess I better sub. ","Christians, this is how they roll. ","christianity in a nutshell","Typical religitard. ","How so? ","Well, I see logic isn't something you can process. You see, the religitard motto is generally something commonly paraphrased to may make them sound holy, devout, like a good person, but their actions tend to be extremely aggressive, dangerous, cruel. For example, all bike gangs will make a claim that they fight or ride for God, yet they whole point of a gang is violent control; Shootouts, drug pushing (specifically meth), etc. Then every single douchebag that wears stars and stripes and had that stupid giant F on their shitmobile, yeah they too like to claim good in the name of god but after their oakleys fall of the back of their head they're going to fight anything and anyone. This post, I mean I didn't think I had to reference it because it was pretty obvious but why not. Alla ackbar, then fires a missile to kill someone. I'm not saying they don't exist, but I've never seen or known a person of non faith to be so terribly violent. See I present this evidence as such because it's what can easily be found, this making it a common occurrence. Hypocrisy is huge in the church, just look at it. 98% of prisoners identify as religious, so that's got to count for something. ","You're over generalizing. Plus the /u/MumShagger was simply asking for your explanation, so outright attacking him was \"aggressive\". Which also makes you hypocritical. ","Hahaha, yeah, over simplifying. Yeah I'll remember that next time a religitard does something news worthy.","Did you just have a stroke?","Not only can he not form proper sentences, but he also tried throwing in a bunch of bigger words in his first text to sound smart. They make no sense with the context.","Nope. Forgot a single word and autocorrect changes words after I type them to a word it thinks I meant so it's often over looked. I can't find out how to turn that specific feature off. ","Calls people -tards, doesn't know how to turn autocorrect off. More edge than the Rockies. Special lil fella. &lt;3","Idiot. ","I said over generalizing.","...","How euphoric are you right now? ","Not. Why would I be euphoric? I don't give a shit about who is feeling good about a conversion or point made. What I care about is the fact religion just fucks things. ","In your opinion.","And helps things.","Helps? Like what?","Charity. Basically, that should be all I need to say, but religious groups devote more time, money, and labor than any secular group could ever hope to achieve.","Lol","/r/atheism is leaking. ","I don't sub to that, I don't need to. The entire point of being non theist is that there's no organization to a belief that doesn't exist. My hatred for a thing that causes pain and death and wreaks of hypocrisy is fully justified everything they strike again. I don't need arguments when proof is rampant. ","-***tipping intensifies***-","/r/atheism isn't nearly this bad anymore, and hasn't been for a long time. There are still circlejerks like /r/magicskyfairy that preserve what /r/atheism was in its dark days, but the \"/r/atheism is full of edgy people\" meme needs to die.","Relax man it's just a maymay. ","You need Jesus in your heart and rectum.  ","Haha. Well jee-zus or hey- sous?","allahu akbar","How is that /r/facepalm worthy? The fucks wrong with his site...","If it unrustles your jimmies at all, it didn't do nearly as well over there.","Not that unexpected unless you're talking about the guy mentioning the $80 that was kind of random. But other than that seems like an appropriate response\n\nEdit: Seems that that was the unexpected part. Guess it just didn't hit me as hard","Yeah I hate it when people bring up the shit I stole. ","[deleted]","Woaw","God is good*\n\n*except when he said thou shall not steal, fuck that","Found the guy who always \"borrows\" money from his friends and never pays them back ","Those people have no integrity and are not friends","Come get it then ","Bitch","waow","*woaw","&gt; not that unexpected unless you count the thing that was unexpected","No, that \"thing\" you're referring to isn't the point of the post, it's the reply to it. So duh, it's not unexpected. But that other part was. \n\nIt's like two situations can happen at once, how unheard of? /s","Seems like you're the only one who got the 'point' while the rest of us are hopelessly lost.","I figure the dude freaking out saying to fuck off after just professing God is good was the unexpected \"point,\"\n\nBut I was wrong it's just a shitty post","Love you too, bro!","If you love us so much I need my $80 back you stole.","Come get it, bitch!","This is the type of mentality of people who borrow from life and don't expect to give anything back. ","When life gives you lemons, don't return them"],["You know what they say. If you can't handle the heat, don't light yourself on fire","This right here...this is why chemistry teachers should also know physics.","Found a video source:\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iuh6OxttPZs","I love the \"ta-da\" he does at the end. Like it was supposed to end with his shirt off.","it was all an excuse!\n","damn, the gif was a touch too short. The video make this guy look a tad less idiotic.","The gif definitely cuts it off too short! Doesn't show him pulling off his shirt and acting like a boss haha","[deleted]","can anyone tell me what he was trying to do?","not set himself on fire.","&gt; ~~not~~ set himself on fire.\n\nmission accomplished.","Those that can, do. Those that can't, teach. Those that can't teach, teach P.E.","I think he was trying to throw the rest of whatever is in that vial into the air in front of him and have a big ball of fire for a second. But in the wind up he tilted it too much and it got on him when he tried to throw it ","Pretty much pouring it down his back instead.  ","Science.","Demonstrate poor petrol bomb etiquette","probably light the smoke on fire: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cPJLw7Xkmzk","Looks like this teacher is feeling the bern","Calm down lets not all run to the fire extinguisher in the corner at the same time and help the poor guy","Jesus Christ, the ***one*** time \"stop, drop and roll\" is actually needed, and he forgets.","If this had to be made into a gif, you know something had to go wrong.","Missed the best part at the end ","What's the point of learning \"stop, drop and roll\" if nobody ever does it when they're on fire? According to this guy, it should just be \"stop and get naked.\"","this was a chemical fire, i don't think regular fire procedures would apply, he'd need to use the shower that's in most science classrooms ","Sorta underscores the saying \"those who can do science, do science, those who cannot do science...teach.\"","Quite a Gandalf this teacher","Chemistry is the study of matter, but I prefer to see it as the study of change.","reminds me of the first time I showed the class my mixtape","Sure it isn't a physics class? That's an excellent demonstration of inertia.\n","I kind of expected something to burst into flames when I saw the small fire.","r/gifsthatendtoosoon","This girl is on fire."]],"thedivision":[["What the fuck. Just What the fuck.","I would also like to know what kind of fuck is going on","The kind where they fuck everyone over, themselves especially. ","http://i.imgur.com/IgU4Y.gif?noredirect ","That's greasy!","Tpb!","Someone put a '-' where there should have been a '+', or vice versa. That's probably it.","i was thinking decimals, they prob meant to do all the math with it like;\n\nmultiply resistance by 1.25\n\nand instead did something like\n\nmultiply resistance by 0.75","Damn you common core math...","I laughed so hard when I read the title. This game...","aaaaaaaand I'm done.\n\nseriously\n\nfuck this","I wanted to have faith. but at this point... basic shit like this.\n\nwhat the fuck","The worst part is... how long have we all been taking MORE damage then we should have... Like, does this go all the way back to Alpha and we finally noticed...?","We only noticed because we gained access to the source code of the game!","One is none goes back to \"beta\"","I think the best course of action currently is to not play this game until they released everything and then wait 6 months for them to patch everything.","As someone who bought the Gold Edition, I'm hoping at the very least that they hammer out all the issues by the end of the year...\n\nEdit: Guess I should have added a \"/s\" to end of my post. Kind of. Maybe. I don't even know anymore...","I debated buying the season pass after the beta. Main reasons were to get the extra skins and sawed off shotgun.\n\nHolding off was one of my finer moments.","Has anyone tested % Damage to elites and % armor damage? I feel like we really need to test literally everything.","Massive is a joke I left the game two weeks ago over this shit ","Man it's a fucking Ubisoft game tf were you people thinking lol","Ubi games aren't usually THIS fucked up though. This is the equivalent of a sneak kill in Assassins Creed alerting everyone in the building to your location.","I would pin this one on Massive...They are they ones that wrote the code.\n\nYou could blame Ubisoft for not just scrapping this game or pushing it out before it was ready though. \n\nAll about em share holders and their quarterlies....","I dunno. I promised myself after watchdogs I wouldnt buy another ubi game. And I kept that promise til now. And now I'm kicking myself in the ass. The game is so bad it made me miss destiny. I started playing destiny for the first time in 9 months.I guess ubi is Activision's biggest fan","I just can't even...","This would explain a lot of the \"did they increase mob damage\" posts I see pop up time to time here.\n\nUnbelievable.","My buddies have been hearing me complain about taking more damage since I hit armor cap a week ago...turns out most of the gear I picked up also includes protection from elites.","I complained about the same exact thing. I'm like how did i raise my armor but yet am taking more damage? Did they raise the difficulty? xD","Fuck I've been designing my build around this stat!","Get killed by elites -&gt; roll protection from elites -&gt; get killed by elites -&gt; roll more protection from elites -&gt; still get killed by elites...\n\nA vicious cycle","Same happened to me.\n\nI'm always improving my gear and somehow I was taking more damage. I was thinking I was dumb or stupid until now, thinking I was overlooking something.\n\nMy god, this game! It's so bad it's hilarious!","The things I go for are protection from elites and damage to elites. God damn it.","Well, I wonder what damage TO elites is actually doing. ","Probably -% damage to elites then, following the trend, while Wreckedless is actually giving you 10% damage reduction from what I keep hearing. The exact opposite of what the tooltip says.","wow , i got 17 percent , below armor cap and 68k life ... turns out, i was playing the game in insane mode already","No wonder I found myself downing FAR more often.  GDI to the two set pieces I rolled last night in excitement upon seeing this stat.\n\nMmmm... Massive please offer an explanation to this.  Whether it is -(-X%) or -(+X%) or +(-X%)....you know what...please learn to do iteration QA testing.","If you look at the front 3 pages, there are so many posts that revolve around that issue that could be linked to this exploited major attribute.  Its beyond game-breaking at this point, ESPECIALLY, with the crafting/recalibration nerf that they implemented.  I want a refund for all of the mats I just burned around this attribute.","Would explain why I get one shotted from snipers even after using a healing shot and having extra health was wondering what the different was pre-patch. I hope this gets fixed soon.","No wonder i gave up on my huge tank build... i had 140k hp and 30% protection from elites and still went down like a sack of potatos from the empire state building, while my 70k hp no protection from elites but reckless armour friend could take on it all without going down once...","I just feel terribly sad about the amount of mats that you more than likely expended to achieve the \"protection from elites.\"\n\nIf my effort to get that major attribute was equivalent to the amount of rolls I did for Savage on my gloves, Balanced on my M1A, Deadly/Brutal on my MP5, then fuck this game bro.\n\nWhere's the compensation for the hours I poured into something and finding out that its really the exact fucking opposite?\n\nI buy a game and the game fails to meet my expectations, like its the complete opposite of what I was inclined to believe, I get a refund right?\n\nThis just royally pissed me off.  Sorry for you bro and I can completely understand the drain with this flawed algebraic logic coming to light, like wow.  So many kids have probably ruined some semi if not fully perfectly crafted gear by recalibrating for this or rolling this and recalibrating for something else.","No worries though!  They will slap another 150 PhC in the reward vendor and all will be right in the world again [/sarcasm]  \n\nStep 1.  Fire QA team or manager who kept them from testing things.  When things do not work as designed with no special circumstances, you did not test it.  My bet is a suit is to blame for this whole debacle.\n\nThis game is an absolute joke right now.  Complete negligence.  If I could get a refund I would.  I wouldn't give it away for some other poor soul to play it.   I will never buy another Massive game, take one as a gift, or play another Alpha/Beta regardless of reviews.","you know it's just absolute incompetence, they have access to all stats they don't have to do what OP did, they can see everything on a test server ","The fact that they think 150 Phoenix Credits will do any of their slip-ups justice is just another slap in the face.  I'd like all of the mats, division tech, credits back from all of my crafts and recalibrations for anything that has any of the flawed talents/attributes back, that's the only fix I'll take at this point.  I don't even want to think about the **MASSIVE** waste of time me playing this game has been for no sense of satisfaction.","I actually find the credits useless now as most of the good gear is now bought with DZ funds. I have 999 credits and nothing to buy.","To fix this, Ubisoft intends to make crafting require more materials.","Obviously. \n\nAlso, another layer of RNG should do the trick. ","And nerf fusion rifles. ","By 0.04%","We fixed the protection from elites issue (and stealth nerfed blue/green div tech mwuahahaha).","But we only have half of the story. The other half will be droprate nerfs.","You've gotta be fuckin kidding me! And here I've been for the past two days wondering why all of a sudden these yellow guys are suddenly dropping me like a fly! WTF","Yup. Got some gear with protection from elites, was getting dropped constantly on Lincoln Tunnel","Holy shot... and I was actually trying to get more of it - in order to survive better. :( \n\nFuck, and we can't even recalibrate a second stat on the items... :( *CURSES*","Imagine all the other things they've messed up and we haven't found yet!","Only reasonable solution is to nerf fusion rifles.","Or buff auto rifles by 0.004%","Highly doubt this gets fixed it seems like anything that negatively effects players is left broken forever. But drop us 4 golds from a challenge mode and you get a hotfix within hours.. lol. :(","The truth in this hurts","I think, of all these things, this is what makes me so upset about the game.\n\nI could deal with the lack of communication, I mean what developer wants to have to go talk to angry customers? I could deal with the exploits, they can't possibly test *everything* right? I can deal with the PvP/DZ area, maybe it will get better with time. I can deal with the lack of PvE content, and the crappy incursion we got, maybe they just didn't have time to create enough.\n\nI can deal with the fact that the above exist, and that Massive says they will take time to fix and we need to be patient.\n\nBut something happens that positively affects the player experience? Well that shit is patched A S A P. That's what burns the most. It really, honestly feels like Massive is almost making all the \"wrong\" choices on purpose lately. ","Maybe they are! Maybe it's all just a big psychology test and Massive are actually a big — Wait a second, there's someone at the door... ","The reason for that is anything that speed up gear adquisition make them feel we will complete their game too fast. So it get the top upmost priority.  Anything that slow down us, is desirable. ","Remember this next time you want to buy a game. Make sure Ubisoft has nothing to do with it.","It's absolutely incredible that this game released with this many talents broken. Mask glitch, reckless, now this.\n\nNot to mention the xp bonus talent on level 30 items.\n\nHow the fuck do they consider this game to be a finished product?","Xp bonus is great for dzxp though. ","He is talking about the talent called \"rewards from accolades are tripled\" which is useless in DZ. Only increased kill XP bonuses work.","I saw the original post and was waiting for this. I'll be sure to not use anything with it on there. Not surprising, sadly, but hopefully a fix for this and reckless can come ASAP. ","Next patch notes:\n\n\"- Changed the text description from 'Protection From Elites' to 'Protection For Elites' to better understand it's intended use\"","Yes and renaming it to Reckless","At this point, I feel like this game is a book I'm reading that has a bunch of errors in it and I just don't believe what I am reading, nor can I trust anything I am reading anymore.\n\ninverted signs, sloppiness all the way around.  The biggest question I have is: \n\n#Why the fuck are the PLAYERS of the game finding this shit instead of the DEVELOPERS?","Because we are the cheap, free enterprise beta testers that bring in the profits to the company and we do all the work in terms of QA. ","Cheap? Shit, we're actually paying **THEM** for beta testing their game. This is better than cheap, free enterprise beta testers, for them.","Enterprise beta testers at the cost of distrust and disappointment of your company. SeemsGood","Someone must have been high as a kite coding all them items. \n\nEdited for the grammar police.","Literally anything to do with a % is fucked.\n\n* Scavenging\n* +% healing\n* +% damage\n\nThey're either resetting at 100, doing the inverse, dividing when they should be multiplied.","or a MASSIVE amount of miscommunication.\n\nlike the variable that is named something simple like\n\ndamage\n\nand they assume that means damage to players and just say, oh yeah here is reckless, make it a 1.1 damage multipler (10 % more damage taken) but instead that means its doing 10% less damage because that damage variable means damage resistance.\n\nand then some other dev (or the same dev) sees this damage and the previous implementation and says well since we want elites to do less damage lets put a 0.9 damage multiplier on it! and in that case it makes us take more damage.\n\n\nlike the guy who coded the damage variable is not the same guy as the one that is using it to make skills / stat calculation. ","if only that they some sort of really really simple automated tests to ensure that this kind of game scripting actually fucking worked.\n\nhonestly. I was wondering why all the mobs seemed to have been buffed recently. this would explain it.","more like unit tests are not taken as seriously \n\nif it breaks then just comment out the test, we will fix it later. \n\nand the sad part is from most game companies' recruiting website, there are not many (if any is there) SDET positions, lots of SDE and play testers, but no SDET in sight... \n","yeah that's what I was getting at man. long time agile dev myself. with more than 15 years TDD this kind of BS fucks me right off tbh. it's a complete and total lack of even basic levels of care taken in work being completed.","Seems like they inverted the damage resistance calculation (this and reckless)","Any engineer worth his or her salt would test the calculations before checking them into the mainline code.\n\nAny designer worth his or her salt would test the engineer's checkins to mainline code once a build with those changes is available.\n\nAny QA worth his or her salt would test each stat extensively.\n\nI get letting a weird stat-stacking issue (like the bonus credits thing) slip by, but this is the **fucking damage and mitigation formulae**. Literally the thing that happens every time one thing does damage to another thing.\n","I just like to point out the game was delayed for 2 years. Can you imagine what it would have been like if it wasn't delayed?","Mobile Cover: Prepare to Glitch Edition","Reckless is \"just\" a missed minus in a value that goes into a working formula.\n\nFor \"Protection vs Elite\", the formula is plain wrong.","And we should be nice to Massive because they are trying really hard. blah blah. Whoever coded this should be fired already.","So many mistakes and obviously no QA done! This is something you expect from an indy developer!","No, indie developers tend to actually play their game because they do it out of passion. This is classic AAA development as it's all about money, so the developers are working long hours to make unrealistic deadlines on games they may not care at all about.","The set team (art) cared. And the detail in the guns is great. Every other developer apparently did not.","Just another job..meh /s","would never happen if it was a indy dev you are talking out of your ass.","a indy dev game has way less bugs than AAA games, AAA games are too concerned with deadlines and nowadays they rely WAY TOO MUCH on patches","Does that mean damage to elites is broken as well? please test","At this point, I'd believe over 75% of the bonuses and skills are messed up somehow.","I agree this needs to be tested as well if anyone can do it.","My anecdote says that it is working correctly. I got the sentry set which increases damage to elites and my headshot crits went up by quite a bit.","the marking for 4 gearsets is bugged with my M44 on my sentry set. tagging only works with my SMG which kind of defeats the object if it's a gear set specifically designed for snipers.","Wouldn't be surprised it actually heals elites","Thanks.  Nice to have someone confirm, and in a more reliable manner.\n\nBTW, I think you mean /u/madcatz1999 , not /r/madcatz1999 ;)\n\nEdit: Is that the same sniper?  I mean, I would assume an unnamed rioter sniper is no different than any other unnamed rioter sniper, but I couldn't tell if you were in the same place or not.","I uploaded more pictures, and yes, unnamed rioter sniper has no difference than others, they also give same damage every time. ","This is... I don't....\n\nI mean, it's not even funny anymore. It's just sad, like watching a retarded kid try to do ballet. \n\nNothing was tested in this game. Nothing. Except \"Can we build a model of New York?\" That's it.","but we won't deny the answer to that is \"absofuckinglutely\"","This is hilarious, great test by the way, it is completely reproducible (I just confirmed).\n\nThanks MASSIVE!\n\nThe amount of mats that I've expended to craft this major attribute for my build. **Like WHAT THE FUCK!?!?** All because you guys cannot determine your basic algorithms are completely flawed.  Basic algebra and you guys call yourselves coders/game developers.  I could hand my iPhone over to my 14 year old sister who could do a better job designing an equation that gives appropriate positive integers and negative integers if I described to her what I wanted.  Like how does this happen?  How does something this easy get missed, skipped, left unchecked?\n\nWhen I have to roll tens if not hundreds of gear pieces to get what I want, and then when I get close, I can recalibrate to get my perfect item, because Lord knows I never get it right off the roll, then all of that TIME is wasted when I just ruined the gear pieces that I had compiled over the course of the last month because you guys fail at 6th grade math.  \n\nFucking terrible, I am beyond pissed.\n\nEDIT (after raging and wanting to throw my controller out of the window): Now my question that I know will go unanswered by Massive is do I keep my gear with the hope that you guys fix this or is this going on your long laundry list of known bugs that will be added to the bottom of the pile?  Should I cut my losses now and move on to something different or keep my gear in the hopes it works as designed sooner rather than later?  I'll be absolutely shocked if I get a response from them regarding this.  Here's to hoping this is already known and the fix comes Tuesday (with my luck, definitely not).\n\n/u/JaRrYc, thanks for these findings.\n\n /u/madcatz1999, thanks for the initial tests.\n\n/u/AlCalzone89, thanks for starting this conversation earlier.\n\n","To be fair, their coding skills are not the problem in this case; it's just the math that they fucked up, especially how they combine all the formulas.\n\nEdit: what can be criticized is their unit tests.  How they didn't catch this is beyond me.","I honestly did not believe they did any kind of serious testing in their code , I suspect they paid too few devs for a huge crunch period of time.","Test driven unit design is like, first semester programming. ","You'd be surprised how few companies actually do that in practice.","coz yeah, they fixed reckless didn't they. oh wait...","Same mistake they did with Reckless, why am I not surprised Massive?","Is reckless still bugged? I bever use it but i know a lot of people do","Yes, it is.","Yup still bugged. ","Do it. It's free damage increase while making you tankier. It's a talent that renders every other talent useless.\n\nFuck Massive.","Just ran a quick test, can confirm if you wear enough gear pieces with protection on it really turns you into a wet paper bag in DZ06.\n\nThis explains a lot, gg devs.","Dear massive, can I get my full $100 for the season pass and game refunded? You guys delivered a seriously underdeveloped game and have been consistently awful at supporting it.","HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA....\n\nwhy am I not surprised. What a joke. \n\nEdit: Fool me once, shame on me. Fool me twice, shame on you. Fool me: Mobile Cover, Reckless, Double Revive, Incursion Farming, Hornet, Bullet King, Police Academy, Glitching outside the DZ for rank, Protection from elites, Hamish lying about blue division tech changes, DZ bosses not dropping gear according to their level, scavenging being completely useless, The entire nomad set, Incursions being annoying mobfests rather than fun, Fire Bullets, Shock Turrets, M44 with Explosive Bullets, Defense Ultimate, 4 man manhunts going after solo players.\n\nEdit2: /u/aml86 with the continuation of the list thanks: One is None talent reload glitch, NPCs pushing you out of cover, Other players pushing you into the cover, causing you to get stuck inside terrain and teleported to a safehouse, \"Restored\" weapon talent being utterly useless, \"Accomplished\" knee pad talent being utterly useless, Performance mods being mostly useless, Stash being variable size for different characters, Map locations sometimes not selectable for fast travel/waypoints, DPS glitches with skills\n\nOH! How did i forget the glitch **WHERE PEOPLE COULD NOT PLAY FOR A MONTH**. Compensation: in game currency earnable in roughly 10 hours of play. \n\nedit4: Missions not starting, rehabilitated, inability to maintain normal economy. Pxc now worthless until 1.2. \n\nEdit3: Just because of these problems, doesn't mean I don't like the game. Or for all of us not to enjoy the game for what it is. And hopefully in the future what it can become. A-la Diablo 3. \n\nEdit 5: all PC hacking because of a lack of very basic server side checks and lack of an anti-cheat. Everybody falling through the floor. 4 golds patched within hours on CM.","Don't forget reckless \"supposed to increase damage taken but instead decreases damage taken\". Massive can't even master basic algebra. ","wtf really","It's actually fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me. But, point taken. ","Fool me once, shame on...shame on you. Fool me...you can't get fooled again.","There's an old saying in Tennessee - I know it's in Texas - probably in Tennessee...","One time for my L.A. sisters","Fool me one time shame on you. Fool me twice can't put the blame on you. Fool me three times, fuck the peace signs, load the chopper let it rain on you. ","The finest Bushism.","Fool me once, fool me twice, fool me chicken soup with rice","[Fool me once, I'm mad. Fool me twice, how could you. Fool me three times, you're officially that guy. Okay, you know the one...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJEvhi2OlEY)","I'm sorry George Bush is the only person who had uttered this quote correctly.\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eKgPY1adc0A","Don't forget:\n\nOne is None talent reload glitch\n\nRussian Consulate floor unable to cast abilities\n\nAbilities being cast in odd places like through the floor\n\nNPCs pushing you out of cover\n\nOther players pushing you *into* the cover, causing you to get stuck inside terrain and teleported to a safehouse\n\n\"Restored\" weapon talent being utterly useless\n\n\"Accomplished\" knee pad talent being utterly useless\n\nPerformance mods being mostly useless\n\nStash being variable size for different characters\n\nMap locations sometimes not selectable for fast travel/waypoints\n\nzone-wide chat sometimes not accessible","The ingame chat is a fucking mess too. Spammers on my ignore list still show up. Chat that has been turned off still shows up. Try to write a message to a user that doesn't exist and it doesn't even tell you. Such a mess.","I'm honestly glad I didn't spend my money on the season pass. I stopped playing this game where I was at the point where I feel I got my money's worth out of the game and not have a bad taste left over. I hope this doesn't come off as salty because, don't get me wrong, I love coming to this sub and watching some of the awesome videos people post here. ","I'm really pissed off, because I did buy the season pass. I played the alpha and there was none of this shit. I played the beta, and there was none of this shit. Now, I buy their game and all of these glitches and bugs come up. ","What's this about fire bullets and shock turrets?","Depressed AF after re-rolling all of my Gear Set pieces to make sure they included protection from Elites...I play cautious and like my wife,  still rarely go down.","Well when/if they fix it you'll be all good. ","gamewise at least…","I'm not even mad anymore, I stopped playing and come in this sub just to laugh at what a complete dumpster fire this game is.","Same. The best thing is, so far every visit here has produced another laugh. It didn't stop when I finally uninstalled.","i've never played it; been waiting for the inevitable bugs to get flushed out and fixed. \n\nIt's been like watching a slowly devolving Shakespeare-in-the-Park production, with good actors that paid to be a part of it getting screwed by a bad rewrite and every time they get to a really good part, the gazebo used for backdrop spontaneously bursts into flames and someone dies.","I've been on a break from this game but I keep coming back to this sub to see what improvements are being made. Instead I run into shit like this.","I think today is the day I finally learn my lesson about pre-ordering.","Guys, play another game. This has passed beyond the realm of unacceptability. It was a cool concept. It failed. \n\nOverwatch is soon. Black desert online is $30 and will tide you over until then. Just quit playing this shit show. Maybe they'll fix it one day, but they already have our money. I quit playing and I'm way happier. i really wanted this game to work out but it just didn't. Let it go.","I like shooter rpg, i play shooter rpg","For the people who love racing pick up Dirt Rally.\n\nFor all the people who love a well crafted game and a good challenge pick up Dark Souls 3.\n\nIf your more of a casual Player who likes a good story and cinematics. Uncharted 4 releases soon. \n\nIf you want a fast pace shooter Doom comes out soon.\n\n\nThere is a great game for everyone out right now. The Division is not one of them. I'm so sick of seeing these broken games make so much money.   ","*Slow clap* \n\nYa know, I hate to admit it, but the cons outweigh the pros with everything so far.","yeah I just stopped the division. moved on to dark souls 3 and I'm  having a blast. Massive had their chance but they fucked it up time and time again. Seriously lads Dark Souls 3 is epic, give it a go. ","They have, the SHITTIEST programmers on earth, it's insane, what the hell how can these kind of things pass QA","I think you got it bit wrong here their QA failed, you cannot fix what you don't know is broken, its already quite obvious that the community has done a better job finding issues and bugs then QA.\nMassive is super overwhelmed right now.","Sadly QA probably caught it, but a manager/supervisor didn't prioritize it for a fix. There was probably a long list of stuff more important to fix.","As someone who has worked as a QA lead on other games, I say with a heavy heart that this is very likely. :(","This is the first game ever that I have bought a Season Pass for. With shit such as audio bugging out, waiting during the loading screens in matchmaking only to see missions not starting, [random falling through the fucking map](http://xboxclips.com/AmpliFreQuency/db4c9fe7-97ac-4355-a511-24730c3fe45c) (not the [first time it happened](http://xboxclips.com/AmpliFreQuency/9054f6e8-2631-4a90-9595-6d88119aeff4)), and now this, after wondering why I'm being taken down so quickly, I'm really regretting buying that pass.\n\nShitty loot drops aside, it's a good game, but Massive, y'all got to get this shit together.","This game is such a joke. Glad i haven't picked it up in days","This game is so FUBAR","Software developer here.  Pleading Massive devs to look for a random \"not\" or \"minus\" or \"division\" sign in their calculation of damage taken because it could be all gear that decreases/increases health could be affected by this, specifically regarding major talents.  Just take a look.  Check the math.  Write a unit test for once.","I was thinking this as well. Is there really any way to know now how deeply this runs? \n\nWhoever pulled the source and found this really needs to check for other fuck-ups.","I swear massive is so incompetent that I'm not even going to be surprised with anymore broken game mechanics ","i feel like i'm getting trolled by the game at this point...","this explains why all my team felt the DZ mobs were hitting harder after we upgraded our gears after the update","Is there any thing, just one thing, that works as intended in this game?\n\nLe big fuckup.\n\nEdit: Found one, the ingame shop.","My Red Jacket is actually Red, oh wait, nevermind.  They're color blind as well.","100 dollars is what I paid for access to this beta","Coded as minions.\n\nWelp. Time to visit the recalibration table...","HAHAH I HAVE 30-40% PROTECTION FROM ELITES THINKING I'M ALL PROTECTED N SHIT LMAO WELL GUESS WHAT","Meanwhile at Ubisoft:\n\"Oh, Protection FROM Elites. I thought you wanted Protection FOR Elites.\"","That's obsurd. \n\n\nReally glad I've always skipped over that stat in favor of damage to elites or armor. ","Damage to elites probably causes you to take more damage from non elites","I don't know whether to laugh or cry...","LOL. That, or do less damage to elites. \n\n\nIt's seriously so strange how many things in this game are coded backwards. I don't know which stats to trust. ","Now be honest do you trust it gives you more damage vs elites after reading this","I wonder if damage to elites is actually working or is in fact making us do less damage. ","There was probably some poor bloke who rolled all his gear to be a tank by running protection from elites. This is unacceptable Massive, please test your items.","I just don't understand how someone can make a mistake like this. Did massive never test anything?","The game where everything is made up and the stats don't matter.","Oopsiesoft","And Damage to Elites decreases your dmg done to them i suppose. AWESOME MASSIVE - YOU ARE REALLY GOOD","Well, I'm pretty happy that none of my gear has \"% Protection from Elites\" on it.\n\nIt's really disheartening to see how ass-backwards this game's system is. I'm not a game developer, but this is a *mess*. I enjoy The Division and I'm still holding out for them to turn this around, but shit like this just makes me drop my head in shame.\n\nMassive, what the fuck are you doing?","OH MY FUCKING GOD i didn't come to this sub for two days and thought to myself 'let's see what kind of shit I'll be seeing over there'. LMAO this is fucking gold! ","Wow. You can't make this shit up if you tried. It's like the developers never heard of unit- or integration tests, seeing gear properties misbehaving like this.","what. the. fuck.","After the first post about this landed,  and I checked it out, I literally stopped playing.   It's become a metagame in itself just keeping up with which talents work,  which do the opposite,  etc.   It's just not worth it anymore and I'm cutting my losses at $60.  I haven't seen something this fucked since arkham knight.","This game is becoming a joke...a very bad one at that.","That really sucks, I run challenge mode a lot so a lot of my stuff has damage to elites/protection from elites. Now I have to change a lot of shit around. I hope they see this. Good work!","Well guys, Massive was thinking ahead for us. So many players complained the game isn't difficult enough, so statistics actually do the opposite of what they say they will. It's a hidden difficulty setting!\n\nProtection from elites? Ha! Jokes on you! You get rekt instead! Extra damage against elites? Not today, mister! Looks like you'll spend 2 more minutes on that Lexington CM run for your 182 drop that you'll just ~~disenchant~~ deconstruct. How's that for a challenge?\n\nIn all seriousness, if true, this is the most embarrassing programming error I've seen in this game so far. I don't know what to say.","Wow. I can't believe it's come to the point where we are now testing the game to make sure something actually does what it is supposed to...For it not to work is one thing, but for it to do the total opposite is unbelievable... Good post.","Hahaha, I give this a thumbs up👎\n \n P.s. I am reminded of eve online transversal mod stacking into the negative, giving you perfect aim... Programmers these days don't know their + from their -","I can't wait for the people to defend Massive again. ","so this is why I'm getting wrecked so easy with +27% \"protection from elites \" ","ahahah. you can't make this shit up","This is pure gold, you just could´t make this up.","I am getting a bigger bag of popcorn this week for the state of the game broadcast. Every week it has the potential to have bigger storylines than any Game of Thrones episode will ever have.\n\n","Guys I suggest you pick up Dark Souls 3 and play a quality game the developers love. ","&gt;Working as intended, issue closed.\n\nNext patch updates the text to read \"Increased damage from Elites\" instead of \"Protection from Elites\"  \nDesign team hailed as the future of gaming.","Literally crying with laughter at this point.","Did you report this on the official forums?","that would be a massive waste of time ","faith lost","So the only talent that works as intended is \"bonus xp?\" /s","Why am i not surprised... ","It's one thing for a game to be buggy. But this is just straight sloppy development. Someone needs to be fired already. And this isn't a bug. This is terrible coding. Are these devs volunteering or some shit? Wtf is going on?","Guess it was the same guy that coded 'Reckless' and he's gotten he formulas backwards!","how the Holy fuck does this even get past who programmed this shit much less QA. ","I really want to like this game. But people keep insisting on finding shit about it that shows how incredibly flawed it is. It's not even on an acceptable level. This is just... just... *sigh*","This game has been going downhill since the release. I would much rather wait 4 extra months for them to work on it and release it when there's no broken shit.","you are now entering the common core zone. systems down.  proximity mathematics only.","I like to call this \"artificial lengthening\" of a game. Like all these games locking loot behind Weekly timers so you have to come back every Tuesday for another shot at it.","Not sure I can agree with you.\n\nRainbow Six Siege was massively flawed at release.\n\nThey're slowly fixing *some* aspects, but it's still fundamentally broken to the point of being unplayable outside of a casual shooter.","I'm so sad about siege. The worst part is the fact that it's so buggy, and only had like 5 maps at launch.","Personally I think Siege is really fun, especially if you've got people who can communicate. The only problem is the people that kill all their team mates at the beginning..","How did this pass simple tests?","It didn't. They simply didn't test it at all, their internal QA manager should be fired at this point.\n\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nI don't expect the internal QA team to use every ability to see if you can glitch through random parts of walls at every possible location in the game world. I do fully expect them to test that item stats are working as intended like protection from elites and reckless. Well, there is one other possibility. It's possible that the internal QA team did find these issues and management decided to give them low priority, if that's the case then the person who made that decision needs to be canned.\n\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nMy buddies and I decided to dedicate Saturday afternoon to running the hard mode incursion repeatedly to complete gear sets and get some replacements for better optimized pieces. As we're doing runs, hoping to eventually get some challenge mode runs in, we're left scratching our heads wondering why it seems like we're getting squishier as time passes. It's not like we're failing the incursion on hard mode, but after a few upgrades there is a noticeable increase in the number of revives required. Normally I might attribute it to people getting tired but it's not as if we were spending hours and hours at it(people can get tired or bored and start playing sloppy), but we just can't figure out what's going on(and we all noticed it). Eventually we decide to just call it an afternoon, but then I remember running across this reddit thread. Sure enough, \"upgrades\" were including protection from elites. So as we've got players mixing and matching gear, re-rolling stats to optimize(or so we thought) their loadouts... sure enough we're taking extra damage due to a stupid bug.\n\nI guess we could have glitched our way to victory, but instead try to do things legit and find ourselves getting screwed by the game as we do it. This isn't quite \"one step forward, two steps back\" but it seems pretty damned close. The drops suck, can't use scavenging to try and improve them, go out of your way to use the game mechanics \"as intended\" to gear up for content and still get shafted, and we're supposed to be looking forward to additional content in the form of another incursion? wtf.","So they didn't stealthbuff the DZ..","No they did. This is just something different. ","Its pre-algebra","&gt; Ubi games aren't usually THIS fucked up though\n\nWatchdogs? Assassins Creed Unity?\n\nedit: Unity at launch I mean.","Have you played Unity recently? It's a pretty good game now. And Watch Dogs wasn't broken iirc. Just massively downgraded.","What?!?!? Some gear talent or attribute is broken?  No way.\n\nI'm now wondering what else is broken and we just haven't figured it out yet...","There is scavenging clipping at 100s marks so 190% is 90% and 101% is 1% etc. It also only increases blue and purple drops from normal mobs so there is that too. Vague on purpose.","I'm in amazement at this. I mean, what? How does this even happen?","this explains so fucking much.","Hey /u/jarryc , do you think it'd be possible to run a test about exotic damage resilience? Curious if it actually offers protection from non bullets or if it's adding fuel to PvPers explosive bullets' fire.","I did, so far it seems working as intended. I tested with throwing nada at myself and see the damage difference with the different amount of EDR. ","Welp... I'm sitting at 208 gearscore with 32% protection from elites. I'm literally useless, getting one shot by everything.","Is there a stat in this game that actually works as intended?\n\nJust one functioning stat.\n\nA SINGLE ONE?","The Continue option seems to work well at the login screen. It gets me into the game for the selected character. That's about it. ","Clearly they threw code reviewing out of the fucking window early on in development...","It's more troubling when you read things about the falcon incursion like \"none of the development team could beat it\" and this still didn't get discovered.","    struct Player\n    {    \n        equipment Chest;\n        equipment Gloves;\n        equipment Backpack;\n        equipment Kneepads;\n        equipment Mask;\n        equipment Holster;\n    };\n\n    struct Equipment\n    {\n        double dDamageFromElites;\n    };\n\n    double playerDamageReceived(Player player)\n    {\n        player.dDamageFromElites == - player.chest.dDamageFromElites\n            - player.gloves.dDamageFromElites\n            - player.backpack.dDamageFromElites\n            - player.kneepads.dDamageFromElites\n            - player.mask.dDamageFromElites\n            - player.holster.dDamageFromElites;\n        if (enemy.szType == 'e')\n        {\n            player.dDamageReceived = enemy.dDamage * (1 - player.dDamageFromElites)\n        }\n    }\nIn fairness, it's easy to see how Massive could make a mistake like so. If you can't proofread the example I wrote above, I made a double-negative error, where Damage From Elites as a positive double is converted to a negative twice. \n\nWhat *isn't* acceptable is how this could slip past QA testing.\n\nWhich goes for show - game companies are saving money by making the *players* QA testers - **after they bought the game**.\n        ","They also pretty much copy and pasted that error multiple times. I can understand small errors here and there in the code, but when you have multiple items that have the equivalent of double negative errors in their codes it's just beyond regular small issues.","It's coded as a decimal.  A multiplier of 0.8 instead of 1.2 (or vise versa) ","Incredibly accurate.","Holy shit... this game is turning out to be a trainwreck.","Ye this. Basic coding competancy lacking. Sounds like they need a few more unit tests...","I was just thinking they increased difficulty or buffed the elites on Lincoln tunnel and The DZ since it was so easy to run through the elites guess it's me just adding on 30% protection from elites yay awesome ","There's an old saying outside of Tennessee, are you from Tennessee because you're the only ten I see.","When I bought this game I thought everyone was just whining about the end game being completely broken. Then I read posts like this and I absolutely get it. Should've never paid for this game.","did you find that you were surprisingly squishy despite that? in retrospect does it make a lot of sense? I'm not sure if I have much gear with it, but I know I have at least one piece, and while I didn't recalibrate to get it (that would be frustrating), I recalibrated a different stat on that gear so now I'm stuck with it if I use that piece... at least until they patch it (because it is seemingly client side that would probably 1.2 at the earliest).","Week ago i ended up with a bunch of upgrades in gear. The gear raised my armor, and protection from elites. \n\nI bitched n bitched to my grp that i fealt like i was dying way faster, and couldnt figure it out......\n\nNow i fkn know........ this fkn game man, THIS FKN GAME!","Lmfao","one of the best george bush lines ever, he didn't want to say it wrong lol","I've learned to trust nothing but the numbers I get on my targets. Everything else is a suggestion, or a complete lie. ","even the numbers on the target can be wrong man. I had 500k's popping up on my targets head and he wasn't losing health at all. Although he did then fly off and shoot everyone else on the server on the head almost all at once from a central location. YAY DZ","Lol sounds like a mixture of lag and someone just not letting damage go through on their end through hacking. I'll agree the numbers can be wrong even in the most pure of situations, which makes my point a little more sad I think. ","This is true, but it's been really hard for me to keep track of how many crits I get and how big they are. I can keep track of non-crit body/head shots as well as crit body/head shots but when I'm firing so fast and getting multiple crits with varying damage, it gets really hard to keep track of which does more damage overall. \n\nI think it would be cool to have a damage counter in the firing range. Set it for 30 seconds or a minute or something and fire away while it keeps track of the total damage you do during that time period. They already have the little \"mini-game\" that keeps track of how many targets you destroy, but a damage tracker would be an awesome QoL feature. ","This would be an interesting solution, but I don't expect Massive to even think about this kind of thing for months. My thought was a DPS counter addon, like you can have in other MMOs. ","I play on potato (console) so this wouldn't work for me :(\n\nBut yes, those use to be clutch for WoW (among tons of other ad-ons)","Range could play a factor."," npc 's suffer no range penalties ask anyone killed by a shotgunner  from the edge of draw distance and sniper dmg is pretty consistent","It might be a factor. but I do think with the sniper it wouldn't be a problem since marksman rifle has a long optimal range up to 40m ","Range plays a huge factor","I uploaded more pictures with more runs. And Range seems don't play a factor here.","Not for shotgunners...","Not for damage of npcs, just accuracy.","NPC's do not suffer from damage drop off at range. Regardless he's well inside optimal range for any Marksman Rifle, so no it doesn't play a huge factor.","I'm debating a refund. I'm rocking a ton of protection  from elite for my PvE Tactician load out. No wonder I get curb stomped in CM Incursion. What good is 62% armor when I'm receiving 30% more damage?\n\nWhy the hate for people who glitch? This whole damn game is a glitch.\n\nIts a shame. The bones of this game is fun.","This is the most important stat to have on your gear to beat the challenging Incursion mode, that is itself the pinnacle of The Divisions endgame.\nSo not only did they fuck up the endgame with glitches, but they also managed to fuck up the gear stats that require you to beat said endgame. No wonder we fall down like flies when we try to beat the Incursion challenge mode.\nThe next update is just around the corner with a minimum required GS of 220 you can only get by beating the current fuckup.\nThe last guy to leave the office at Massive better not switch off the lights, because they need to fix this ASAP and be working night and day to fix it... period!","Rainbow Six was way more fucked than this game and still pretty bad to be honest. Ubisoft games are fairly known for weird/dumb shit, but these two have taken it to a new level... Hopefully in the coming months things can get sorted","Basic \"Unit Testing\" required...","This game seems like such a fucking mess.","Thank god they lifted Rule 4 of the sub.","Damn, this bitch done 3k upvotes....talk about Massive about to have one FUCKED UP Monday.....","Must *HAVE.","So compesation comming soon - 500 PC :D","Hey math isn't everyone's first logical language.","It should be for a AAA developer. It's why they get paid what they do.","I'm the Decider.","I feel sorry for all the artists that spent their time creating the game world and then have a game released in this state.\n\nIt's obvious the \"beta test\" was a cherry picked marketing ploy and nothing more.\n\nThe last time I ever pre order anything Ubisoft. I can't even go back to enjoying R6 Siege because there is no proper anti-cheat. ","https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SHhrZgojY1Q","&gt;[**The Who - Won't Get Fooled Again [8:34]**](http://youtu.be/SHhrZgojY1Q)\n\n&gt;&gt;This is Track 09 of the Who's album - Who's next. First recorded (then rejected) in New York on March 16, 1971, this became the first song to be worked on with Glyn Johns during a trial session at Stargroves with The Rolling Stones Mobile studio in April, 1971. This version (unlike the New York original) used the synthesizer track from Pete's demo and was edited down for the single which reached #9 in the UK and #15 in the USA. Played onstage at the Young Vic and retained at every Who concert thereafter.\n\n&gt; [*^BBVCTom*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJvS_ZRCJ0JQOS3R3Y9f-iQ) ^in ^Music\n\n&gt;*^8,746,184 ^views ^since ^Dec ^2008*\n\n[^bot ^info](http://www.reddit.com/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)","It's becoming more and more pathetic by the day.  This game was in development for what seemed like a decade and it's RIDDILED with issues.  \n\nReally a reflection on the state of gaming today. Games are released incomplete. Sad! ","There is no way they managed to fuck up basic math. I bet it's a variable fucking it up.","That's a pretty ... massive ... oversight.\n\nYEEEAAAHHHH!!!","Wow wtf at this point it seems like a joke ","I can confirm this. \n\nI'm only 183 GS with 2 sentry peices and today for the first time beat incursions and received a sentry backpack that has 11% protection from Elites.\n\nI was confused earlier because after equipping this which was a definitive upgrade to my previous backpack, i wemt on a CM mission and felt like I was getting destroyed and my health was just going down in no time. \n\nIt makes sense now after reading this.","Thank you for doing this, seriously. ","I would like to hope that they know about all this shit and they just hope we don't find out so they don't have to do anything. \n\nNot sure what is worse though. That or complete incompetence...","Next thing you are gonna tell me having more armor than armor cap actually reduces your armor :/","SHIT ON MY DICK DID THIS GAME GO THROUGH ANY SORT OF QA/QC PROCESS?","Im not surprised at all, half the stats in this game are misleading and broken","Oh man that sucks. a lot of my armor has this. lol","So this post makes me wonder if damage to elites is also inverted,muscular that you do less damage to elites....?","Dammit. I cant trust any of these stats and talents anymore. ","Did you be sure to be hit in the same spot? Just to make sure you weren't comparing being shot in the head versus the torso for example. I wouldn't be surprised but just so there is that distinction before people jump all over this","yeah no way im buying ubi/massive anything in the future.","More likely they are just overworked. Try coding 70 hours a week for months on end and see how it turns out. Most likely this is a management issue. ","Screw a refund of mats I want a refund for the money i spent buying this crap game.","Far Cry Primal has more mechanics and less bugs than The Division, in fact AC Unity was less bugged than this and they gave the DLC for free\n\nThis is ABSOLUTE incompetence ","yes, it's obvious they don't play their own game, Bungie used to play halo ALL the time at the office, you can say what you want about how that series went but it's still one of the best IP's in gaming history up there with GTA, Mario, etc","Halo 2 is still my favorite game of all time.","Wow.  I wonder if \"Exotic Damage Resilience\" is bugged too? Swear Im taking more damage w this stat on my gear.","Reminds me of a worker for GM, he said if a little thing was missing we'd just ship the car anyway","Same here. I really want to like The Division, but there's no reason for me to play it anymore. ","Does nothing work in this game? Half the talents seem to do the opposite to what they say, the other half were broken/exploitable.. \n\nIt amazes me because it seems nothing was tested properly and also because everyone outside of reddit will be unaware of these issues (unless they are brought up elsewhere) \n\nI'm not sure at this rate if this will last much past DLC1 if anything.","Only accountants know how to cook the numbers....","Ubisoft stats are like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get. ","Oh for fucks sake","The game is still really fun hence why we all still play it, but yes stupid bugs like this are extremely common. I just hope they all get fixed before everyone writes the game off and the communities shrink","WHAT","Yea i tested this myself, i was wondering why i get killed so quickly. Thanks for the confirm","Indy dev. usually don't have good QA","You don't need any QA to catch this kind of defect. All that is required is testing your change once to see if the numbers make sense. But I'll give the guy the benefit of the doubt and assume it was coded at 5am during \"crunch time.\" Something else Indies don't have to deal with.","What bothers me a lot with this is what little thought must have gone into those things. I was hoping they had made stats and then balance tested them thoroughly during play-testing. But all these \"bugs\" with the code point towards only theories of balance and no testing.","Indie devs usually test their games as they are developing them repeatedly because they have to.","Honestly I haven't played the game since the \"cheese\" on falcon lost and I won't play the game until Massive gets their shit together and fixes the issues. We're all aware that it's a new game and all but shit like this is un excusable. \n\nThey're just sealing the coffin for any other new game they plan to release as they're starting to give everyone a sour taste in their mouth when you mention Massive.\n\nIt feels like someone who used to make mobile app games like bejeweled decided to make this game and released a Beta version as the final product.\n\nDear Massive, from all of us Season Pass owners, get your fucking shit together.\n\nPS: At times like this, let's all be Glad we have Darksouls3, Praise the Sun!","Thats more or less what happened.","At which point does sabotage become the more plausible explanation than incompetence?","That would probably be better for them if it was just a coder who got fired and messed with the game.","Fool me once, shame on you. Teach a man to fool me, and I'll be fooled for the rest of my life.","I was hoping I'd see this here...","Haha, I don't want to admit it - but I do the same.\n\nThis rolling pile of shit is a train wreck and I'll be damned if I don't get some form of entertainment from it.","Dafuq.","LOL","You want to take less damage? Use a reckless chest, but make sure it doesn't have protection from elites!! :/\n\nAt this point we should start testing more of this rolls. One would assume they have been tested before launch, but that has been proved wrong\n\n\n\n","I wanted to say yes to troll but i am laughing too hard while typing this.","It does. I used to stack it. You deal more damage to a  concrete wall than you do them.","literally hours and hours of opening boxes and now the base chests are giving greens all the time and only 1 mat","https://www.reddit.com/r/thedivision/comments/4g6lnk/tested_confirmed_protection_from_elites_increases/d2ezrtg","Youll still get 1 shotted with falcon horde. Atleast with the bug you get put out of your misery.","Let me guess. Damage to elite heals them?","hahahahahha massive strikes again","yeah.. the better i geared for PVE the squishier i seem to have gotten..\n\nexplains a lot to me.","they wont see another dime from me unless they make huge changes and start listening to their player base. Only thing companies like this understand is money so I agree completely and will be voting with my wallet from now on.","For a start most indie devs are greatful for bug reports and work on fixes asap.","Thats not a QA mistake... caluclating incoming with a formula like this \"incoming_damage_from_elites == ( 1 + %total_elitedamagetaken%) is retarded there is no excuse for that and the reason that mistake is there in the first place is because they where copy pasting code and just changing variable without actually double checking. Like if I was working like this I'd be out of my job.","I'm actually quite fond of most Ubisoft games I own. Syndicate was BEAUTIFUL! Wish it would've had a co-op option. ","Weren't they involved in the Splinter Cell series? i love those.","I know they did blacklist. I don't know about any others.","Yeah, older Splinter Cells as well back to the very first.","Nice. Blacklist was the first one I played, I believe. Ubisoft typically has games I love. I can't really complain about their products. ","There was just so much potential here and the basics of this game are so good.","Everyone here is aware this is just a video game, right? ","Yes, but it should not be this broken.","And your love life is just your love life, but if I wake up naked to a dude in the morning Im gana be really pissed and frightened.","What if I told you when Mario jumped on turtles he actually lost coins ","n1 one","In any case it's the sort of thing that should be caught by a unit test, unless they have a completely spaghettified codebase.","WOW","Yes, I've recently deconstructed all \"nice\" tank-gear I was planning to use on my alt due to (when testing it) I didn't feel stronger AT ALL compared to my \"dps-build\". So I kinda figured that mobs do too much damage for tanks to be viable in this game... apparently that's not the case then... it's just a MASSIVE FUCKUP.... again....","How to bleed players 101","Oh what a day, what a lovely day.","Thanks for the work you put in, this indeed has to be fixed ASAP","Never go full Dubya.","true. But with massive, who knows.","needs testing","It's actually fool me once shame on you, fool me twice cocka doddle due lol if anyone knows the reference ","There's a ring of thruth to that, but it's not completely fair. The did fix the stacking stats glitch pretty quick. Which was a dooming glitch.","I haven't played since the day incursion dropped, but was the reload bug fixed?","Nope its still not fixed lol ... sigh","Ditto. And I got the game for free with my GTX980 so I'm not even that bummed. I had a lot of free fun up to level 28 or so.\n\nAnd now I'm having free fun watching this game crumble and the community devolve into civil war.","Out of curiosity, did you send this as a bug report to Massive?","Ill call them on monday. Want my money back! LIKE WTF IS THIS FOR A COMPANY!? MASSIVE FUCK YOU FOR TAKING OUR MONEY!","I quit. ","Just like how reckless should make you take an additional 10 percent but reduces damage instead","Yes - this game is a huge construction site.\n\nBUT - this bug (Protection from Elites) is NOT the only big problem of TCTD - it is the horrible netcode.\n\nNo Lag-Compensation, UDP-Protocol is off and even with 2000ms and a packet loss of 50% the servers answers the request of the clients.\n\nSo it is useless to open the ports of TCTD - UDP is off and all is running via slower TCP - that is the reason (for me) of the delay in TCTD.\n\nHere is the video (made by BattleNoNsense) --&gt; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oc51gxwvyGc\n\nI live in Germany - and mostly i connect to a server in USA (172.98.92.201) - what a joke.\nSo - in Europe are not enough gameservers for TCTD.\n\nTCTD will die very fast - and the communitiy is understandably very upset about the amout of bugs and the non existing Lag-Compensation.","SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoooooooooooooooooooo...gunna go check my amount now...","come...OOONN?! Now it's just fucking ridicolous. Just fucking shut the game down, give refunds to the people who want it and fix the fucking game with a new release date. How embarrassing...","Whose Division is it Anyway?","heh, glorious. Time to roll a spare set without that stat. Can always count on Massive to brighten up my day with a new, ridiculous bug.  ","Left about a week and half after the release when 99% of people were still in the honeymoon period praising every little thing massive did","welcome 2 bugision ;D","Awesome. I'm stuck with that on my striker piece I was going to start using when reckless gets patched. Fml.","Some hope for you then, it's very likely this is the same inverted sign somewhere that causes reckless extra benefits, so chances are fixing one will fix the other.","I hope so... I really don't want to lose that extra survivability, especially not now.","Noobisoft","How many times did u test this? Are you sure the npc didn't crit hit you?","look at the images....look....at....them....\n\nhe took dmg 7 times, on both sides. So unless he or the mobs are screwing with us then no its not just a crit.","GG Massive I spent 500+ k for gear set recalibration now i want the double of credits back ","I wondered why i was taking so much damage.","I see that you're taking shots from an elite in the first set of images but the second set doesn't specify. How do we know you're second run is on challenging?","No this is something you expect from an Ubisoft game. Seriously, have you played Siege? or Watch_Dogs? or any of the recent AC games?\n\nEvery Ubi game has so much potential, but is always released shitty and never given the time it needs.\n\nSeriously, game companies wonder why indie games are so popular and more and more indie games doing better then the AAA games when this shit is continually put on us.","Its so you do it 4 more times. It keeps you in the game.","For the Map locations issue, try zooming in and then selecting the point - like all the way in.  This occurs mostly due to another player being in that location so thus 'auto-locking' onto that player vice the landmark/checkpoint/whatever it is that you're trying to fast travel to.","Since you tested it, what is exotic damage?","I haven't played since patch, was too login and see if I'm still feeling it. Nope, no thanks. I have like 30% protection from elites on my build and with this plus everything else that's busted I just don't even care. See you when the first dlc comes out Division because I bought the season pass with high hopes and I'll be damned if I don't get my money's worth. ","**this game is horse shit**","Between this BS, and David Blaine hovering down the street in the DZ last night, instantly one shotting everyone with his fully automatic M1A.. I'm really sad, because I love this otherwise awesome game.  Something's got to give.","Eventually useful when the level cap goes up.. Still really dumb.","Boy am I glad I got a refund after the open beta.\n\nDark souls 3, while not perfect was the much better investment.","Exp also effects dz exp.  Granted id rather have a real skill bonus than an extra 20% off of 170exp","Ubi stays Ubi. *slowclap*","Just got the heads up from a buddy regarding this thread. It's a shitshow and I absolutely love it.","What a joke. Truly. I actually laughed at the title in disbelief.","Once again confirmation that they do test NOTHING (and have interns do critical code/architecture decisions).\n\nEvery single stupid 2 lines unit test would have caught that...","So I know I am going to get downvoted for this, but isn't there a variance in the damage elites do? If a mob does 1000 damage once, does it mean it does the same every single time?\nI feel like a much larger sample size is needed to truly see if it is bugged as stated.\nThat said, it wouldn't surprise me if this is true. Massive has proven to be completely and utterly incompetent when it comes to...well, pretty much everything that isn't graphics/engine related.","how much larger do you need? He testing taking dmg 7 times with protection all the same dmg, then 7 times without protection all the same dmg (though dif then first time).\n\nSo unless you think the mobs themselves are screwing with him I highly doubt that shot dmg would vary FOR NO REASON just on his last 7, or first 7 tries.","Where does it say he did it seven times? Am I blind for not seeing it?","Guys come on, this is just pathetic at this point\n\nI think people were working on it that didn't understand english or vice versa, whatever language they were told to program it in wasn't understood","A good portion of my damage mitigation was aimed around protection from elites and like hell am i rerollibg that gear\r\n\r\nSee you next gear reset ","Was the coding outsourced or something?  Did management have something against caffeine?  \n\nI've written all kinds of stupid bugs, but I'm just confused here.","Isn't it possible the damage roll that you took was just low on one and high on the other. 11% isn't that big.","there are no min-max damage rolls in The Division, outside of crafting.\n\nWeapons don't have a damage range, NPCs don't have one either.","Ah that's dumb. Explains it though. I'm used to real loot based RPGs.","the closer the enemy is the more damage its gonna deal in the 1st picture hes much closer so of course you'll take more damage I'm not disproving the attribute just stating needs to be tested correctly","Well, this explains a lot...\n\nRunning a vampire build (+3% crits returned as health, 60% base crit on SMG, +39% health on kill, 60% armor) with 33% elite resistance.\n\nI was being dropped like it was nothing by elites, so I've been stuck playing like a glass cannon. I figured mob damage went up, because my last build had no elite resistance, less stamina, less health, and less armor, with no health regen, and I had an easier time...","... and this is just another of plenty reasons why this game is no fun anymore to me ...","I used to joke around that because there is so much broken stuff in this game there might be a programmer at Massive that is sabotaging the game. Now I'm not so sure if its a thing.","I got pushed by a teammate inside a safehouse and got stuck between the ammo box and a chair. Had to teset xbox. Fun. Here's more bugs I can think of:\n\n* invisible poison gas clouds\n\n* skills fail to cast and get stuck or cast after huge delay\n\n* first aid skill is a huge pain trying to heal teammates\n\n* gas seeker mine cooldown glitch \n\n* mobile cover... enough said...\n\n* combat medic medkits break friendly smart cover nodes\n\n* too much mat cost for ilvl31 mods\n\nI'm sure I've missed some, feel free to add.","The rest of those bugs are legit, but why didn't you just log out instead of restarting your Xbox?","Sound was glitched too because someone threw a grenade at me so I killed 2 birds.","NO WONDER I DIE SO FREAKING FAST!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'VE BEEN TRYING TO STACK THIS FOR CHALLENGING INCURSION!!!!! DIE MASSIVE DIE. YOU AND YOUR BUGGY GAME","Remember this next time you want to buy a game. Make sure Ubisoft has nothing to do with it.","This is fucking stupid.","Naw you don't get it, it's the process that's fucked, mistakes are bound to happen there's just supposed to be you know, tests of core mechanics that catches this shit. Obviously there's a common function for damage taken that a bunch of different mechanics use and they're all fucked in the process.","So what now, does Damage to Elites actually tickle them less?\n\nDo we have to doubt every stat?","Meaning scavenging, accuracy,  protection from elites and probably more stats we don't even realize are completely non-functional on top of the ones (pistol damage,shotgun damage, damage to first x bullets, damage to last bullet, etc...) that are useless on the face of them as concepts.","Fuck this game.  It had such potential but it's really a piece of shit when you lift up its skirt.","Here's how simple this can happen in very simplistic code:\n\nFor simplicities sake, let's say protection_from_elites is an integer from 0 to 100 and damage is the damage received from an elite.\n\ndamage * (1.0 - (protection_from_elites / 100.0))\n\nSimple enough and will reduce the damage taken by 10% if protection_from_elites is 10. For language nerds this does, in fact, decimate the damage.\n\nHowever, here's where it all goes wrong. Whoever entered the value for protection_from_elites entered it as a negative number thinking it needs to reduce the damage. Now you end up with 110% damage instead. The opposite could be possible as well swapping + for - and entering positive values from the protection.\n\nThey could simply fabs() (floating point version of the absolute value function) the protection value as long it's supposed to always reduce the damage.\n\ndamage * (1.0 - fabs(protection_from_elites / 100.0))\n\nFixed.","Sounds reasonable. It's probably buried in some sort of object system that's generated from something else that the people who come up with the numbers use. It could even be something as simple as an auto-complete slip-up by an overworked programmer. The Division has been around for something like four years now, and its codebase will be enormous (according to a dev at CppCon, Assassin's Creed Unity was 11+ million sloc), trying to find and fix simple fuck-up like that is probably harder than it sounds.\n\nThe problem is they can't just fix one or two or twenty lines of code and push out a fix, because they have to jump through a lot of hoops to get it onto the console online services. And internally, even a trivial fix has to be touched by many people at many levels of the organisation. I think Rockstar gets around this by pushing updates at runtime using their scripting system, but they're way ahead of most other developers in terms of technology and resources.\n\nThere was a similar problem in the early days of Modern Warfare 2, where one of the killstreak rewards wasn't doing what it was supposed to (a helicopter of some sort), almost certainly because of a faulty or missing conditional somewhere in its AI.","They responded to one of my posts saying something like that and i laughed so hard.","It's funny that everyone is upvoting you for \"leaving the game\" while completely ignoring that you're here discussing the game. ","Nah this I can confirm actually does increased damage. One of the few things that works as intended in this game. ","Wow I knew it didn't do jack shit.  I had no idea it did *worse* than nothing. ","someone should test all the stats to see if they work properly ","Someone from Massive maybe ?","https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3uOMCfopR8","&gt;[**Brutal, Savage, Rekt [0:06]**](http://youtu.be/e3uOMCfopR8)\n\n&gt; [*^mikemagss*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-VOeFuXExSnUu7n8QH1dvw) ^in ^Gaming\n\n&gt;*^207,789 ^views ^since ^Jan ^2016*\n\n[^bot ^info](http://www.reddit.com/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)","savage","This is officially sloppy. It's bad when the players know more about the game then the designers","Omg I just logged off and I'm about to get back on and check my shit.  I know I have at least one item with that attribute.","This game is done. At this point anything Massive/Ubi do to \"try\" and fix the game is just an insult to the player base.\n\nThe Dev's either don't want to react to the numerous (dare I say 'endless' list of) problems, or don't have the staff to manage them.\n\nThe hackers are running rampant (and despite claims of it being a vocal minority) if you don't keep the hackers under control this game will turn into a wasteland very quickly. \n\nTalent's are still broken after supposedly being fixed. 150 PxC for dailies fucking up when I can farm them in an hour or two, people not getting their rewards for being locked out of a game for 30+ days (And 500 PxC as compensation - a couple of days worth of farming). \n\nUbisoft don't care, they've made their $300 Million. And in the recent past (I'm looking at you ASS Creed) have shown that they honestly don't care about making a game for gamers, they care about making money off gamers and then deserting it.\n\nI would suggest jumping ship now and just not playing this absolute crock of shite; as regardless or not whether you do choose to leave, you're going to be forced to in a few months time because it will be overcome with hackers, legitimate players will leave to play something else, and Ubi will end up shutting down the servers because The Division is dead weight.\n","That is the path it's headed on right now, I think the only thing they can do at this point is to sell off the game or bring in a new team. \n\nThey need to pull a Dominos, admit your pizza sucks, then tell us how you're going to fix it and applogize","this is just unbelievable.... i had 50 percent protection from elites when i cleared challenge mode........ this is just unbelievable that shit like this can get through testing","Don't forget One is None","Yeah it's still jamming on me. Really annoying when you are in a sticky situation (like incursions)","......really Massive?\n\nlol.","what is the deal with reckless, please! haha","It adds defense, instead of taking defense away.","Eh, whatever ","&gt; Well, I'm pretty happy that none of my gear has \"% Protection from Elites\" on it.\n\nLots of mine have it.  Explains why in CM's I was getting absolutely smashed by certain NPC's, while team mates were just running through it all :(","I actually used to have a lot on my pre-Gear Set loot, when I figured it would be a highly valuable stat to have for Challenge Modes and what have you. I mean, it just seemed logical.\n\nTo be honest, I'm not even sure why I'm surprised. The fact that there were issues with talents like Reckless (which plays in our favor), Rehabilitated, and things along those lines were tell-tale hints that something else, like percentage based protection from elites, wouldn't be functioning as intended.","I had to just give up with the game and sold it. \nHaving more fun with Destiny than dealing with error codes kicking me out of the game and game breaking bugs.\nMassive fucked up, and I'm not rebuying the game no matter how they fix it ","just tested damage to elites and it at least seems to be working as intended. ","Which part of the Reckless talent is broken? Am I not doing as much damage as my stats say or am I taking more than I should?","Instead of taking more damage, you take less damage. Even displays in the character sheet as 10% damage resilience.","So to help my understanding, a chest piece with reckless and 10% protection from elites... Is actually working as intended :)","nailed! =)","Reckless gives 10% resilience instead of extra damage taken. Having 10% elite protection with reckless would set you at 0% extra damage taken instead of 10%, right? You'd need 20% protection from elites to make reckless work as intended.","You know, all this time using armor with the reckless perk on it and I never put 2 and 2 together. I was wondering why after I upgraded to set armor I felt a bit squishier.\n\nMaybe I'm qualified to work at massive?","Yeah it's pretty op. Keep running wreckless and savage gloves until they fix it IMO.","criminal conbination with a 4 piece of Sentry","What does savage do?","Glove talent. 13% crit if your target is out of cover.","Savage isn't broken, though.\n\n*Or is it?*","You do extra damage and gain extra armor lol","Your actually better off. It adds defense, instead of taking defense away.","See [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/thedivision/comments/4g4i4p/has_anyone_actually_tested_protection_from_elites/)\n\nThe Damage taken multiplier formula is roughly \n\n&gt; (1 - &lt;DamageTaken&gt; + &lt;Smart Cover Buff&gt; - &lt;Smart Cover - Trapper PVP Debuff&gt;)\n\nwhere the Reckless talent actually *adds* 0.1 to the *&lt;DamageTaken&gt;* variable, thus reducing the total damage taken. There is a 2nd file (only partially complete), where that value is -0.1 (which would be correct).","Thanks. I had no idea it was broken until I read this thread and I run with that talent for the extra damage.  ","This is me. Every time I've been upgrading I have usually been taking something with Protection stat. Then I do a challenge with my friends and I die like crazy. This is fucking ridiculous.","This is the real answer for all those \"Why are you still here?\" questions. It's because it is the best stuff on the internet right now.","Came here to say this. My money is on this being the culprit.","Or picking up a controller and starting a mission","Anything out there that you can recommend? \n\nWe're all still playing this \"joke\", which is why this sub is still active. You, on the other hand, have moved past The Division, but still manage to find the time to lurk around forums revolving around it. \n\nWhy?","I always see people say this shit.\n\nJust because some of us no longer play the game because it's currently garbage doesn't mean that we don't want it to get better. The gameplay behind all the garbage is fun.\n\nI have plenty of other games available to me that I don't have to sit around playing one that is just downright not enjoyable.\n\n","Probably like many others who are popping in and out awaiting the news it's worth playing.","Well, no wonder tanking is currently not possible. :&gt;","Proof, if proof were needed, that Massive *didn't* outsource key aspects of the game's development to India, but also that perhaps they *should've*, since it would at least have meant a game free from the kind of arithmetical errors which could embarrass a fucking eight-year-old.","are you kidding? Arkham knight was not this f'ed up, I can handle frame rate issues (but it didn't affect me) this would be like shooting the batarang and it comes back and hits you in the face ","i quit this shit 1month ago, tried to play 2days ago, same boring bugged shit, the most fun part was probably those exploits that i didnt do, never buying massive/ubisoft game ever again.","And the no respawn zone bullshit when someone leaves your party during the incursion.","Yup, same. This is just salt in the wound,  I have always had decent protection from elites... ","oh geebus this game is so broken! No wonder CM is like a nightmare!","Does anyone know if damage to elites, Actually DECREASES the damage you do to them instead of INCREASES it???","Soooo... I guess I'm not getting into The Division after reading about the hornets' nest of problem.","Like with 9/10 AAA titles, wait at least 6 months before getting it to not have a broken game. Only problem is, will there be any player base left by then?","Is it possible just the set gear is glitched? ","Good question!!!","i dont think so, the testing was done because of data that was mined from the games code on the formula for elite protection seemed odd.","Massive you bellends","This is the most likely cause and something that can happen all too easily. Annoying yes, game breaking, not so much. Just use something else.","This is getting pretty ridiculous now, even I was keeping hold of the game until it got better and more stable but the fact you can still find these kinds of issues is a massive sign of incompetence on a whole other level during the development or testing of the game.\n\nThe game actually has the potential to be amazing so i would find it hard to believe the quality of the people was the issue, instead i am leaning more towards the management of people during the development and testing of the game. We can see it in the sheer number of problems the game was released with, no game should be released like that, they obviously never had enough time to test the game properly.\n\nWe should never have these kind of issues, it's no wonder games require internet access nowadays, if they released a game like this years ago the company would go bust in no time from the lack of being able to fix it after launch, the internet has made game developers lazy from the evidence in front of us, they don't seem to care enough about the game they are developing to make sure its completed before launch. \n\nBut lets say I'm wrong and they do care, why release a broken game then? Buckled under the pressure from higher ups with all the power and money to release it against your own will? Probably.\n\nMust suck working for Ubi.\n\nThey put so much effort into a game and are probably forced to release it according to a timetable they cannot deviate from, so it probably doesn't even matter if they care, if the company sucks the game is going to suck, this was my first Ubi game and it will be my last.\n\nLuckily the game still sells for £27 at CEX and i originally got it for £45 so I guess a month of grind for £18 wasn't that bad of a ride.\n\nWill buy it again once its reduced and get more stable!","Ok. Why are you here?","To see when/if they ever make it playable, like me. ","Playable for you. It's playable for me.","lol u have low standards.","You have impossible standards","Really? It's impossible to expect a looter like this to actually give you a sense of progression? It's impossible to expect a game to be relatively bug free and have interesting end game content? This is my biggest regret since brink from last gen, this game is a fucking mess man. ","I don't see why people say it's a mess. I've run into 3 glitches like ever. ","lol u must still be leveling to 30.  that part of the game was very fun.  its just the game at level 30 that is completely broken in every way.","Ever group up with friends? Maybe do some manhunt in the dark zone? The game is fun. It's weird that your complaint about it is some sort of ending. Lots of games end, you can't expect someone to make an unlimited game. ","my complaint is that the end was broken when we got there.  4 boring challenge missions, horde mode incursion that is glitched exploitable and if u didnt exploit then the dark zone was unplayable with 200 and above GS players.  not to mention all the countless other glitches and exploits.  rogues glitched into walls etc...  they should have pushed this game back 6 more months.","Sometimes it's hard to know all of the problems until it's played by enough people. I have all the confidence they will continue fixing things. And it's still a complete product in the meantime.","i dont understand why they didnt give us dedicated 4v4 pvp ooptions.  that would give everyone something to do.  but with all the glitches that would be a shit show so i guess thats why they didnt include it.  ","I came here from /r/all to justify not liking the beta, it's working","Is it though?","To annoy the shit out of \"Knights of TD, this game is awesome\". To cause havoc. To stop new people from buying this shit. ","Knights of TD?\nI dunno, I get your point, but the stuff submitted in posts should be enough for that. If someone reads a post like this, that should be enough for their opinion. Also, the makers of The Division don't own this subreddit, so I don't see the point for havoc. If people like the game, let them.","i am very frustrated about this game, the way how the things are handled. I overreact a lot when I talk about it + I am allergic to ~~fcuking ignorant cunts~~ ignorant people . So please take that havoc with grain of salt.The real reason why I came back here is to see if anything changes.\n\n&gt; If people like the game, let them.\n\nYou right.\n\nEDIT: Overacted...","Fair enough man. Thanks for the clarification","Really? So you just come to the sub to spread more salt now?","Now if people could stop searching for exploits MAYBE Massive could concentrate on those instead, yea.","This was a problem before the exploits were even around. Quit scapegoating them","I prefer to goatscape","Scapegoat is actually coded into this game as goatscape. ","I have to agree, for the simple reason that a unit test would have never allowed this to happen, at all. (Unless you're a dev who is so incompetent you also bug you unit tests and put in random expectations)","I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:\n\n- [/r/greensquad] [Protection from elites doing the reverse](https://np.reddit.com/r/GreenSquad/comments/4gbgc6/protection_from_elites_doing_the_reverse/)\n\n[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*\n\n[](#bot)","It's one thing for protection from elites/reckless to not work, but it's another thing entirely for them to do the exact opposite of what they say.","The thing to keep in mind is a level cap boost would render our gear useless. So we would get rid of exploitation by increasing the levels.","Isn't it nice? To pay to test alpha, early access  games these days....","It's like groundhog day. You see that it's patched, you think they have fixed everything. But you slowly realize that nothings really fixed, you just have to deal with it in a slightly new way. Then you slowly stop playing.\n\nThen you see that it's patched, you think they have fixed everything. But you slowly realize nothings really fixed...","Fucking done with this game. Moving to Warframe full time. ","im truly disappointed","It would explain the amount of whiners about shotgunners to :D","Not necessarily. Shotgunners can still kill you in two shots on average and sometimes one shot if you are sort of on the glass cannon side of things.","Shoot their knee's or just headshot them :D","Ballistic Shield!\n\nPay no attention to the three snipers!  Look at meeeeee!","Dude I ran Russian Consulate with yesterday was a beast with the shield. Really kept the rushers and heavies off of us.","Being the tank is fun","You say that like a valid complaint isn't an OK thing. ","Probably better to just stop playing until it's fixed. Because then you'll just have to change your stuff back.","Just realized most of my gear is prot from elites.  I went from 65k health at 171 GS to 55k at 182 GS, with a huge armor increase and prot from elites.\n\nI was wondering why it seemed like everything was hitting me way fucking harder than normal, and why I was dying faster.  I was like, \"oh wow, 10k health is a HUGE difference.\"\n\nNope, game is just fucked per normal.  Glad it's warm outside.","I think I'm done playing for awhile.","aaaand now I know why I feel so squishy after 1.1 hit. 2 of my set pieces have Protection from Elites on them...\n\nffs","Doesn't this make you wonder how much more of the game is broken without us knowing? How could a game like this be released with all of this?","Only for NPC right? or maybe players aswell?","Dirt Rally, Dark Souls 3, Uncharted 4. Is begging you to play a real game. ","thanks for the info, g2g recalibrate my shit....","I knew it! I made a most about this ages ago and asked people to test it and got down voted and shit talked, every thing in this game needs a manual review because NOTHING WORKS!.  Also have all my upvotes!","Oh Division, why you so terrible?","75%?  Optimist.","Its good to learn something new every day, but really, congrats to you sir.","In all fairness, either KF2 or DayZ should have been the point at which I learned, but apparently I'm a slow learner.","That could explain why, even with GS 194 I get killed so easily by elites with 80k HP...","That's why I'm dying so easy. Plus the Reckless...","Odds on an accidental \"negative (-%)\"?  Double negative accidentally becoming positive.","I want \"Decreased damage to elites\" on my gear, Massive!","Good find man. This is ridiculous. I tried and tried to ignore the problems but seriously, this is one of the most bugged and broken games of this gen (and possibly last)","[What the fuck is going on?](https://youtu.be/s013grY4zRo)","&gt; Other players pushing you into the cover, causing you to get stuck inside terrain and teleported to a safehouse\n\n\nThis is the worst when you're in a mission. Why oh why wouldn't you at the very least put me at the start of the mission instead of a safehouse?","**Never buy season passes**. *Especially* when the content isn't scheduled to come out for a while. You never know how your opinion of the game will change.","Noooo, not reckless, let it be there and change the sentence to \"Decrease enemy damage\" :-D","I thought reckless was fixed? I figured they fixed it along with the status effect healing mask talent.","Theyre currently working on a fix but it's not fixed yet. Even the char sheet still shows 10% damage resilience.","Man that's lame","I'm not gonna pretend like I've gotten past anything further than a basic C class, but shouldn't it be as easy as (paraphrasing here) damageresist=(incoming ddmage)*1.1? Why is Reckless increasing damage received so hard to fix?","Because they would have to literally press the \"-\" key once in the correct file. And I'm not joking, that would be the actual fix. It's a defined value of 0.1 where it should be -0.1...","because spaghetti code.","They're probably using a pre written code snippet or something.","Nope reckless I believe will be fixed in Tuesday maintenance not this week but week after","me too. maybe in a year they will finally be ready for launch. or the servers will shutdown. ","lol","The no review copies should have been a dead giveaway....","&amp; yet your still here.","Welcome to the division.","Gear giving the opposite effect, working as intended - Massive 2016.","This would get fixed a lot faster if it somehow caused the bosses to drop 4 pieces of HE or GS.","They would have released a hotfix by now. ","Fuck my ass what","Well reckless is the same thing so it's at least equal","What? Reckless at least benefits the player. It doesn't trick you into thinking it's helping when it's doing the exact opposite.. ","It's the same bug I mean. They reversed the symbol by accident.","As said, it was either never tested or it was pushed aside to meet a deadline.  There is no other option.  Seeing all the other issues like it and the work arounds for mission scheduling looks like the game was pushed out with a \"we'll fix it later\" attitude that so many gaming companies are using.  They do it because gamers keep buying.  They hire a PR person to handle the backlash and they give away meaningless statements and rewards to appease.  All they really care about are metrics and profits.  That's why so many developers leave projects at launch.  Watching something they worked on for so long get pushed out unfinished is a stab in the face to them as well.  But, that's the gaming industry we have.  The only vote that counts to the people making these decisions is a monetary one.  That's why I no longer pre-order, buy season passes, or buy again from companies that push out shit like this.  This game had huge potential.  Had.  It could still be righted and go on, but it lost me.  That and the fact they will drag it out and slap price tags on ever step of that.","It's getting to the point I cringe when I see promises for DLC content or early access things like \"buy our game, help fund it, and pay to alpha test it before we Ship the beta. We'll give you this cute outfit in this single player RPG. The gloves are to die for\"","Sadly, my list of game developers I have the most minute amount of hope for are down to one.  And, I'm watching it cautiously.  I have no games to look forward to for the rest of this year that I want to play.  The gaming industry has completely jaded me.  Time for a new hobby.  ","Well that explains a lot. Not playing till this is fixed.","how is it even possible to fuck up this bad??","Developers who failed 6th grade math?","Given the Reckless bug is this that surprising? Reckless should be increasing damage taken but in fact does the opposite. \n\nIts probably worth us all testing a few more of these stats. Also inb4 \"Damage to elites actually heals them\".","Maybe I'm making excuses, because I really want this game to be good. My question - or excuse - do we know snipers are classified as elites? I mean, they are prototypical glass cannons.","any npc with the yellow health bar=elites","LMAO more great programming from the massive retards.","How many times did you do this? Damage is random, so you might need to give it a few more tests before making a definitive conclusion.","I reuploaded more pictures, and it seems A.I gives consistent damage.","Oh wow. Thanks for clarifying that too!","More times than you bothered, no doubt. ","i was getting 198 dps on my vector with my gear i changed my nepad from a striker to a nomade to go on a loot run when i was done i changed it back to the striker nepad my dps drops from 198 to 163 wtf is going on this is not the only time this has happened i also just moved some gear to stash yesterday and all my states drops by a huge amount i did not change the gear that time just moved some that i wasn't using , I'm i the only one having this problem.? , it makes me not even want to play this game !\n","It's a cool bug that exists since beta...","This game is stupid. ","wow really, this game is broken AF","This loot game is a stat min-maxer's nightmare, and that is an unhappy pairing.\nBed = shat","PFE = Protection for Elites","So.. has it been this way from the start? I know people are only just FINDING these bugs, but has it always been this way?","Most likely yes. I don't really see how they could've messed it up post-release since there have been no changes done to these attributes. Same with other bugs - reckless and rehabilitated bugs were there from the day 1. The really worrying thing now is that you have to essentially view every attribute with a grain of salt. ","I know I've experienced it before after a patch, thought they ninja patched enemies but it must really have been new gear with \"protection\" against elites.","For whatever reason, within all the griping this is the bug that pisses me off","I was talking about replacing the QA testers at Massive/UBI in another thread, which some people disagreed to.\nWondering if they still disagree with me after this.\nThis is something that you normally would notice if you are doing your job as a tester. ","I was about to pre order because I wanted access to the beta, but I held off.  Because I know Ubisoft, and I've played their games at launch.\n\nBut The Division launched and reviews were mostly positive.  Sure it wasn't perfect, but it looked like a competent (if confused) shooter.\n\nAnnnnnnd then I realized we're all still playing the beta.  We are the QA department.  We paid for the privilege of hunting and reporting bugs in a game that punishes us for playing fair.","Disappointing, but not surprising. \n","agreed, cheap?? I paid 30€ for this shiet XD","We need a video of that laughing Mexican guy, talking about \"Early Access.\"","Good thing a few flashy trailers, a good number of pre-order bonuses and some YouTube hype and all is forgotten and forgiven.\n\n I mean, it's not like devs don't learn from their mistakes /s","People are paying to be beta testers.  A fairly predictable situation given the way the gaming community has reacted to similar situations in the past - which is to say, shovelling mountains of money into the coffers of publishers who put out such things.  'You get what you pay for' is quite true.  There's no reason for publishers to hire expensive, experienced developers or hire dedicated testers or anything like that.  All the online complaints about a game does is generate even more sales thanks to the actions of the gaming community.  And just watch, the people burned on this will be first in line to preorder the next AAA title to be rushed through development.  They'll probably get the Collector's Edition.  And they'll be surprised when it happens again... even though that's exactly what they paid for.","The thing that fuckin gets me the most bro is, its fuckin Ubisoft and I fuckin knew I shouldnt have... but here I am with a big disappointment in my console. The game \"For Honor\" looks like a lot of mindless fun, but with Ubi running it *YET AGAIN* it will probably not run on day one, balancing will be fucked and everything will be broken.","How the fuck do they miss stuff like this? Did they not test half the shit in their own game before release? Like jesus fuck man.","That would explain why I am getting man handled in the DZ 5-6 (Have a good chunk of my armor to be PFE)","Literally 6th grade mathematics. FML.","Massive needs to run education programs for the coding team detailing the anatomical differences between arses and elbows.","They probably used Mobile Cover to avoid taking that class.","Then go away. ","Lol no. Posting in this sub is more fun than playing the game. ","What a mature retort. ","People like you are why we don't have good games anymore. You take what developers shit out and gratefully shovel it into your mouth.","[deleted]","pretty sure he was talking to the go away guy","i figured, just making sure it wasn't meant for me and i was just misreading it","No.... Just... No...","That's really frustrating.  It's crazy how you can do a tiny bit of research and find such a gamebreaking mechanic in a matter of minutes.","Inb4 Guys! The universe is billions of years old! Give Massive time to catch up. This game is Great! I love it to death. I want to have sexual relations with the entire studio!!!!!1!!!!1!1!!!","Same here, had fun with my run of the game and was looking forward to friends getting it. Shame everything went to hell. I'll be back when Massive decides it actually wants a player base. ","I bet the commit that added this bug had a description of 'troll customers'.","I doubt they will talk about it, save your popcorn. They will probably talk about the new incursion but not give any real info, it's a surprise ;)","I n that scenario then I can chuck it at the screen instead :)\n","I prefer PVE over PVP so I stacked this on almost all my gear. Was dying a lot in challenge mode even compared to lower gear score players and now it makes sense. I was taking like 30% MORE damage than players without any \"protection\" against elites. SMH. What the fuck is right!","Yes I noticed yesterday there is a bug with this. I have the talent that a headshot procs a pulse on target, and a lot of the times that it does proc, I dont get a sentry proc with it. Very strange - anyone else notice this? "," If you shoot fire bullets at a shock turret your bullets become shock bullets until you switch weapons or relog. ^^^^^jk","Lol this game is so fucked","I was joking, that's not for real. I put a tiny ^^jk at the end. Though I haven't tested it and wouldn't be even a little surprised if this was an actual bug. ","let's be honest that'd be pretty badass though\n","Well you could use the Turret as your primary but i dunno if the glitch still works.","That's interesting to hear, I haven't gotten my 4-set yet, but that is disappointing. I am fearful of saying hopefully it'll get fixed, because we know who we are dealing with here.","SMG it works (but I guess it's just the sheer number of shots connecting) - when it's single shots connecting it doesn't seem to work most of the time for me :(","it's also worth noting that I have really noticed that elites hit a LOT harder when in this gearset. this is clearly due to the 20% PEF working backwards. so all in all - fuck.","Yup, I use an M44 a lot coupled with either an AK or an AUG. Marking a target works maybe 50-60% of the time, even with SMGs or ARs. You're noticing it more on the sniper rifles since they have much lower rpm but it also happens on the other weapons, just try shooting 1-2 headshot at a time with them and you'll see it happen as well. ","Thats what i figured tbh. Makes sense.","JTF you're hearing this?","Can confirm I have the exact same problem with my M44, headshots don't mark the target ","Knew it. Thiught i may be gong mad. It does occasionally work. But not reliably at all","Yeah it's broken as fuck, out of 10 headshots it might mark the target once if you are lucky","No wonder I've been going down faster, fuck dude.  What is this stupid shit? ","Try the HE Aug at the BOO. ","Infinite stat stacking? Maybe I've overseen it but that one was pretty big too, since it caused the game to ddos itself","Going home to check gear then ask, \"what the actual fuck!!!\" Pretty sure i have this stat on something i thought was good roll, back to the fucking drawing board, not like anything better is going to drop from the DZ, cheers Massive!!! ","I was reading some comments below and someone had mentioned that the range of the shot might have factored in on this so, I myself first thought if maybe where the bullet actually hit also factors in. Like, if the bullet does the same amount of damage depending on where on your body it lands (upper body, lower body, back, front, etc.) or, if its just the same amount of health lost no matter where your hit.\n\nPlease don't think I'm trying down play your test. On the contrary, I, myself, was wondering if you had come across any such variables in your runs. And I'm certainly not trying to defend Massive given their track record. I mean, this really is a key component of the game play: the damage we deal and the damage we take. This kind of thing should have been gone over with a fine tooth comb. Smh.","the problem is that he didnt just do ONE test, he did multiple testing, if you LOOK at the image you can see its multiple images from multiple testings at different ranges and angles all with same dmg.","It's like the deeper we explore the game the more rotten it is. Nice shiny apple on the outside, complete mess on the inside.","Works fine for me with the M1A atleast havent tried with M44.","Well, this would explain a lot.  Time to swap out my gear ","the formula is the same so technically it should actually work, they really just mucked up the minus sign on the damage taken\n\n&gt;myOriginalFormula \"Max(0, (1 + DamageDoneToElitesModBonus))\"\n\nvs\n\n&gt;myOriginalFormula \"Max(0, (1 + DamageTakenFromElitesModBonus))\"\n\nso from the code, if it behaves the same way the damage done to elites should work properly.","I was under the impression that set bonus stats worked different from regular armor stats though. Did that change?","Wasn't sure wether or not I should buy DS3 first, but after I saw at which point The Division has arrived I did so anyway. One of the best purchases I ever made in my life, this game is simply beautiful. ","Yup, yup. Not to mention the replay value and all the hidden secrets.\n\n50 Hours in on my first play-through and haven't even seen a chunk yet. ","Thank GOD we have the Reddit community for Massive's QA testing... -_- \n\n WTF Massive, this shit is getting out of hand...","I have done some additional tests myself (screenshots included). One run, same sniper, same distance. It's definitely bugged...\nhttps://division.zone/2016/04/24/protection-from-elites-increases-incoming-elite-damage/","Is coding dyslexia a thing? Apparently.","QA team was too busy drinking mountain dew, can you really blame them for letting this slip? /s","Is it just me or did they flip the sign on ALL of the defensive damage modifiers?\n\nLike Reckless was supposed to make you take more damage - but instead protected against it?","Fuck Pre-Orders, Fuck Gold Editions, Fuck Season passes, I've made a huge mistake.","I've got 999 credits and it's a bitch to spend one.","\"Fuck you you'll buy it\"","Explains why i m getting fucked by elites when I switched from a reckless chest for a sentry piece with 15% elite resistance (not sure if it's 15 on the one piece or 10 and the other 5 on another piece)","This explains why my set gear makes me take more damage.","&gt;Fire Bullets, Shock Turrets, M44 with Explosive Bullets, Defense Ultimate\n\nI recognize the other ones, but what's up with these? I don't follow the sub too closely and missed out on any reported glitches/issues with the above.","These are just harped on because they are argued to be not very well balanced in the meta. \n\nFire Bullets, Shock Turrets are stupid long stun locks and people argue they can't fight (fairly) without them.\n\nM44 with explosive bullets is a one hit ko. Again just balancing and common complaints.\n\nThe def ultimate is ridiculously overpowered, chained together in a group of 4 is a minute of invincibility. You literally can't do anything while they have it up.   ","Ahh no this makes sense... It probably autocorrected \"protection for elites\" to \"protection from elites\" ..... Damn autocorrect","Just posting because this thread deserves the attention from Massive. This is just ridiculous and the team over at Massive should be extremely embarrassed for all of these issues.","Sooo.. maybe this is why massives crack QA-team found the incursion so hard? Maybe there were all loaded up with +protection from elites gear :p","No...just no. ","I've been an adamant \"go with the flow\" person when it comes to glitches, bugs, errors, etc. I always believed Massive is doing their best and that problems are hard to detect with such a small QA team, and the solution might not be a simple hotfix, but may actually take days or recoding.\n\nThis though, this hits way too close to home. I've been making this stat what I build around with my tank build. I'm in the 100ks health, maxed armor cap, and high % of protection from elites. Yet I was still constantly being blown away by shotgunners half a mile away. Any sniper would nearly one shot me. Even regular grunts would stand toe to toe with me. Now I know why.\n\nIdk how many mats and PC I have spent rerolling armor stats to build around this. So much time was wasted. So much frustration explained.\n\nOnly upside is I cant wait to see how much of a beast i will be when this is finally patched.","Headshots give them overheals.","The 2nd pic, the guy is twice the distance away. How is that an accurate test?","I uploaded more pictures with more runs. Thank for the feedback.","Good job, that looks much more consistent. Seems you are indeed on to something.","Agreed. ","Yeah it has to be said. I have a huge backlog on steam and ps4.","you be soft, man. What did you expect?","Think your mad and confused right now?\n\nNow think about how much money they made off this game...\n\nYou madder? ","One more reason to stop playing the game. Thata for me. I ser the devs and the QA just shit their selfs while they rush through deadlines. And its embarassing, that players have to find ways test if the gear works, when they probably have a way to insta spawn a enemy to test that kind of shit, and just don't make sure the product is working","And THIS is why Massive couldn't beat challenge mode for incursions themselves before releasing.  Guarentee you they were rocking protection from elites gear as well.  I'll be back for the next DLC.  ","I want to make a joke about Massive outsourcing their programming to China, which would explain why its such shit in a lot of areas and why it takes so long to fix bugs...But it keeps coming off as too harsh of an insult rather than a light-hearted jab at Massive/China.","Not an insult if the quality speaks for itself. They should have done the tried and tested method of outsourcing to India.","Does a lot of dev work get outsourced to China? I would expect most would go to India and South America.","Not necessarily.  It's a different object and a different formula.","You have to think of the size of people that play it verse the small set of people they have working on it (relative size that is). It is a silly mistake but stuff happens. Gotta roll with the punches, right? ","No, but let's nerf crafting and loot drops, that's more important then fixing bugs.","Lmao, I was just worrtlying out loud to some friends last night about no protection from elite bonuses. I just want to give Massive a big thanks for one less thing to worry about.\n\n\nI am at loss as to how to react at this point. It's just overwhelming, how buggy this AAA mess has become.","Oh dear god no, I have t reroll EVERYTHING.... I already rerolled for other stats.","Being in the career and having lots of experience with testing, actually balls to the wall testing, this is where they are suffering.  They appear to only be smoke testing or testing 'the new community exploit fixes' and are NOT doing regression testing.\n\nTruly.","It is save to say that as of now nothing in this game can be considered as working as it says on the label. It is one reason why coders should test their code. To have confidence in it. I have no confidence in the mechanics of this game anymore at all.","so... did we all report this as a bug?  Its one thing to bitch about it on a thread... its another to report a bug en masse.","Turns out, it was Open Beta all along!","To quote Faye Lau, \"Thats not... No. Just. No.\"","I contacted Ubi customer support through live chat. Guy took my info, wrote a bug report.","Cool Massive. Wondered the past few days why I kept dropping fast when I equipped my 4 piece sentry set. My armor dropped from 65 to 62 and HP from 93K to 82K. Not huge jumps obviously but then there's the 12% protection from elites. FML. \nSo I bought the L31 Stamina mod from BOO and crafted a dozen to get some with armor. All fucking wasted.  Suck a dick Massive. \n","Are you surprised? Games filled with bugs/exploits.","This game is shit. I give up. I want my season pass money back.","On one hand im surprised, on the other i might just trade it in for cash towards a ps vita and sit in my bathroon crying playing spelunky. \n\nLike every other day its \"psa: Game does something ass backwards\"","soooooo i guess it is time to reroll all my gear with elite protection to something else...\n\nFUCK YOU MASSIVE.   ","Is this across all platforms or is it just for PC?","Well now it all makes sense! Tried a couple builds with a focus on PFE and it seemed like I was dying more often...figured I sacrificed something else while putting the gear together. Ugh, unbelievable.","Lol this game is so broken. They need to fix this shxt. I was just thinking about making the ultimate reduction from elite damage then i see your post and im like -_- great!","Because there are 5 million players hammering this game for 100's of hours, as opposed to about 100 developers playtesting.\n\nIts pretty fucking obvious to be honest.\n\nGG though.","I know a lot of people feel like this needs to be tested more, but i run smart cover(capped) with the 46% armor boost in cover talent, which means i get max armor and resistance of 50% against all dmg in cover. But Cm lexington shotguns used to take only 5 shots to down me but after swapping some gear with protection they only take 3-4 to down me loss of armor from swapping gear ahouldnt matter cause i cap armor everytine in cover, without smart cover.","Try 2 shots with probably 40% protection  from elites equipped, fucked just a bit right now...","Oops, Sorry about that, I will change it right away. \nAnd thank you for your test, the credits should goes to u as I just improved your test . ","If the glitch was \"Protection from Elites = 10x more actual protection that the number indicated\" there would have already been a hot fix.","Anyone find out about the fuck and what it is that is going on with it","You mean scavenging. /s","So now my 1mil+ credits are already spent re-rolling other stats on my gear while protection from elites is now locked in. Outfuckingstanding.","[deleted]","Pretty sure that uses regular credits now.","Yep, I'll take 2 mil in normal credits instead of bird coins.","Game still keeps getting worse.","After taking a break from this game (currently back on Diablo 3 after quitting that game after a month) I decided I'd keep checking back on this sub to keep track of the progress this game is making.\n\nAll I've discovered is there are multiple bugs/glitches in every aspect of this game and Massive are massively inadequate at making games. I mean, just look at netcode. Indie devs tend to leave online gameplay out because netcode is hard and requires a lot of resources. Why would Massive make an online game if they're terrible at netcode regardless of the resources?\n\nMakes me feel pretty sad because at its core The Division is a really great idea. It's pretty sad that you have to wait over a year for a new game to work properly before you play it.","And why the hell should I trust massive now - because my feeling is that there are a lot of things which doesnt work as intended. I am on cap on mitigation with 75K health and die faster then my buddy with 70K Health and 60% mitigation! FU!","Wow. That really makes me wonder if \"damage to elites\" and all other attributes are working as intended too. It's pretty pathetic that the gaming community is forced to QA a AAA title in 2016","G fucking G boys. I stacked protection from elites since my armor is so low assuming that would help to mitigate at least some of damage I'm taking in harder content (more elites). No wonder I get almost 1 shot by everything. Bye massive. See you when you get your shit together.","Damn i got 11% bonus on my best chest piece that i cant get rid of because iv already re-rolled something else! I bet we actually take 30% more damage with On the move perk too!","Oh....shit... I never thought about that.","Psst, Massive...  You want \"-\" damage received in your code not \"+\" damage received.  You're welcome.","Whoever wrote the code must be braindamaged. Sorry, but is there  anything NOT broken? Anything? All the things work the opposite  way they  should...its a desaster.","This explains much...","un-fucking-believable. Seriously, I cant wait for PR damage control UBI/Massive will release after this.","Another annoying problem: having to try multiple times with multiple groups until it is possible to start a mission via matchmaking. I sometimes see loading screens for up to 30 minutes until it is working as it is supposed to be. Many times gates ar locked and nothing happens. Or I load into groups where the missions is already bugged.","A team of 30~ QA testers who work from 9 to 5 (ish, idk what the worktimes are, some stay longer) \n\nvs 500K+ players who spend all together way too much hours on videogames..\n\n**HOW WOULD THAT HAPPEN** ","Having a stat do literally the opposite of what its supposed to, have multiple talents completly broken, have obvious latency stacking issues.    \n    \nI can forgive some of the glitches as beeing non-obvious enough to slip through sloppy QA, but alot of these were definately found and reported during normal QA. They were just deemed shippable (not important enough to require a fix before launch).     \n    \nAlso the incident response has been dreadful.","Because we actually played it.","[deleted]","Do you actually have a relevant point to make or are you just here to troll a legitimately angry customer with legitimate complaints?","He's just a troll. All he does is go on threads to complain about the people on this sub. It's sad actually.","Ah the classic complain about the complainer bit. Apparently it never gets old.","As a student I have a very limited budget for games, I'm in my last year and I have no time for a job on the side. I absolutely love Dark Souls, planned on buying it as soon as it came out but then got hooked on The Division beta.\n\nSince The Division is more focused on multiplayer I figured what the hell I'll buy the division first to play with others and wait a bit on Dark Souls 3, I can always buy in two months.\n\nWorst mistake ever. I feel so stupid now.","Funny thing is. Dark Souls 3 has the best multiplayer it has ever had. Instant invasions and Phantoms everywhere. Had a sick 3v3 one time. Can be multiple invaders and helpers at the same time. Even a completely new covenant that allows you to either help kill mobs or kill the host. \n\nDivision had the benfit of filling an empty gap of new games just like Destiny. If it was releasing today and had actually given out review copies it would have been a complete flop of a game.\n\nDue to hype and sly tactics it will go down in History as one of the most broken successful launches. \n\nIf the Division was a car it would be riddled with recalls.  ","This is why I exploit.","The first shot could have crit and the second might not have, and it could be working fine. I kind of doubt that though. ","I uploaded more pictures with more runs.","I'd love to see some more testing here like others have mentioned with more shots just to feel more conclusive with range and hit location, but at the very least I think this deserves an official explanation. Either we need more insight into how enemy damage works if this isn't a bug, or this is a bug that should be fixed immediately just like a glitch that benefits the player. ","I don't want 150 pxc, I want a refund for buying the Gold edition.  Full refund.  I have not enjoyed myself.","How the fuck do you fucks fucking fuck. ","And im done, trading this game first thing monday...","You know, a while back, right after I equipped 2 or 3 armor pcs with Protection from Elites, I took some time away from the game. This morning I started playing again and noticed they were housing me a lot more efficiently than before. \n\nI still don't understand why some lower ranked gear, and even some Purples, make me a better Stated Agent then higher ranked stuff","That is absolutely hilarious.","The only thing I could say to counter these pictures and findings is if the sniper was hitting you in a different spot. That is the only rebuttal I can think of. (Assuming you didn't actually change any other piece of gear.)","He could also be trolling and switching the screenshots around. \"These are with 10%\" (when in fact they aren't) \"..and these are without 10%\" (when in fact they are the ones with 10%)\n\nWe'll never know, until more people test it, but I'm to lazy to do it myself and I wouldn't be suprised either way.","At this point, there are probably fewer perks and talents that work as intended than there are perks and talents that are completely fucking broken.  Ridiculous.","Nice find, I new something was up when I started running nomad gear stock. Massive better fix this shit fast, or refund the cost of the game.","Remember Faye Lau said \"we are the wolves\", so no bug here.\n\nSincerely,\nMassive","Has any mentioned the audio bug ","Damn that sucks, was wondering why suddenly I was taking a bit more damage. Does Increased Damage to Elites give them extra health back too??","I think you need to do more tests with multiple shots taken and using different gear items before you can actually say that definitely tbh","? why?\nHe did do multiple shots, all gear the same, enemies same, and he did each side of test multiple times with the only difference being he re calibrated the one armor to not have protection. Not to mention the testing was based on actual data mined from the games code.","Did you submit your findings to Ubi? I submitted mine yesterday. If we submit multiple findings maybe they will fix it faster.\n\nI did mine on the Napalm Production site against a lvl 30 Sniper on hard. Did a single, double and triple shot test. I tested with 0%, 11%, 16% and 21% Protection from Elites while keeping my HP between 79,072 - 79,701 and my damage mitigation between 49.62% - 50.73%.","Has anyone tested other stuff with \"+resistance to something\"\nExotic damage maybe? A lot of things like that might be bugged as well.","Come on Massive. Jesus tap-dancing Christ, how do they fuck up **so** many things. Not even talking about Incursions but the shear amount of gear-related fuck ups is insane.","#HASHTAG:MASSIVEFUCKUP\n\nEdits: Lol reddit formatting...","I'm out.","Hahahaha \nH \n\n\nO\n\n\n\nLee\n\n\n\nShit","what better way to find bugs than to do it in production?","I'm not surprised. \n\nGlad I stopped playing a few weeks ago. We are pretty much paying to do their job for them. \n\nOnly joy I get from the game at this point is coming here to see the newest fuck ups. ","[\\[Behind The Scene\\] Coder at work](http://i.imgur.com/hsc0sIV.gif) ","Woops, someone put a minus before damage taken reduction/increase calculation, also explaining why Reckless works the way it does.","Cheap. More of us. Etc. ","Well the silver lining for me is I now know why my build never felt quite right and I got taken down so fast. \n\nEdit: Maybe this is why they were asking about micro transactions in their survey recently. \"Would you like to pay to fix bug A or bug B?\"","Yea. I am running heavy on this stat for tank build and I've been getting dropped harder than a 1v5 outside 711.  I thought they just buffed everything to keep things interesting.. \n\n","Holy shit. This game is such a good idea, but I'll check back next year to see whether it's actually playable or not. ","Scavenging isn't resetting at 100% it's just a +junk drops from trash mobs stat. Working as designed.","Then stop logging hours and posting here. ","&gt; they already have our money.\n\nBingo.","Jokes on them. I got the game for free.","Dude I'm so happy that I got it for free. But it's a nicely designed game...fucked up, that is. ","are there timestamps on the code? was this a recent change to the way the mechanic works, or was it in there all the time?\n\nbecause i have been of the opinion lately that because massive couldnt fix Reckless, they got frustrated and just upped the damage we all were taking...this would fit that if it were a recent addition.","Has anyone taken a look at Smart Cover and mobile cover to see if they work as intended?","Ironically, I used part of the 150 bird bucks they rewarded us with to buy a RDS sight BP from the BoO vendor. It advertised \"+weapon damage and a random bonus\". Turns out, it's bugged. It rolls two completely random bonuses. \n\n\nTurns out, when I research into it, the issue has been known around the sub for some time but Massive just left it in the game, to be sold to the masses. The precedent was already there, however. They let that game breakingly glitched backpack be sold forever, even though they knew it was locking people out of the game.","Elsa should be singing a fucking song right about no. Maybe we can kpop","You got 150 pc from massive? I havent gotten it yet.","Ubisoft isn't known for their perfect bug free games. I can say that I'm not surprised. ","you mean BUGUISOFT? XD\n","You don't tell me to fuck","Is this only on set gear or is this on all gear?","My favourite is usually \"What the actual fuck\"...\n\nSo yeah - what the actual fuck?","I know this is a different genre of game  but the division seems to be in the same place as Final Fantasy 14 was on its initial release. The game had some small problems in the beginning and as people progressed through the game further more and more shit began to come up to where the game had to be re-released.","i assumed they were buffing the NPCs\n\nroll on the Overwatch open beta","Ding ding ding! we have a winner. I've been Massives biggest supporter, but even my patience is wearing thin now.","Why are you surprised?","Did anyone test anything in this game? This kind of fuckery is unheard of.","lol thats it goodbye division we had a good run","Soooooo, I still love this game. It's a complicated beast with a lot of problems but damn it's fun to run around with your friends in the dz.","So here's a question. Do we know this is something that was altered recently with the last patch or has this always been the case?","i have 11% protection from elites on my reckless chest, once both are fixed, would they even each other out?\n\ni was so pleased with this craft and spent so many mats on it... what isnt broken in this game? ","Games fucked, pure and simple.","Its almost like automated unit tests were not a thing or had their results ignored :p","They tested those cheese fixes","This isn't even remotely a TDD problem, which you probably know is no panacea. A few weeks ago I would have agreed with you, but since then we now know that both this bug and reckless exist. This is 100% down to bad specs. The team that is responsible for defining what needs to be built did a shit job of communicating it to the dev team.","Cool story","I actually think all these were caught during normal QA but just deemed shippable. Wouldn't be the first time Ubi did something like this.\n","I'm kinda mad I didn't realize this before. Soon after the 1.1 patch, I started re-calibrating gear and got some of those rolls. Just kinda assumed they did a small ninja buff to enemies for all the new gear. ","Fool me once.....strike 1. Fool me twice....strike...3?\n\n-Michael Scott ","Wow, no wonder I was getting rekt so hard with my new gear. Seriously, I know Ubisoft have made some buddy games (Ass Creed) but I didn't expect them to mess up on this game. Now I'm torn between toughing it out IF they ever fix all the bugs or just quiting.","At this point we should probably sue Massive/Ubisoft... ","This is standard practice for AAA games.","It really isn't. It seems like The Division in particular is just a fucking shit-show full of bugs and glitches. I actually was really trying to give Massive some slack because i'm no game developer and i'm sure bugs are hard to fix. But *jesus* the amount of bugs and obvious oversights this game has shown me is fucking ridiculous. I've never seen anything like it from a AAA game. ","that's what happens you got beta with 1/10th of the game and try to throw the rest out there just hoping it works.","This isn't stuff that takes a beta to figure out. Public betas are useful for stress testing and finding the weird bugs that take a lot more people to stumble across than just your QA department.\n\nItems doing the exact opposite of what they're supposed to do is just basic shit that should have been caught like last year at the latest.","Seriously, you code the stat and then fucking test it. They have tons of telemetry and dev tools, all they have to do is apply one tick of damage and check that the number displayed is lower with the stat.\r\n\r\nCan't believe so much basic shit didn't get tested.","I'm wondering how many people at Massive are burnt out post-grad interns.","Yeah was being sarcastic. This is driving me nuts as well. It's like no way to know what is what in this game and you need to manually test everything.","It's kinda disturbing that anyone who doesn't visit the subreddit (which is the majority of players) have absolutely no idea what is going on. They could be rolling for certain stats that actually hurt them not help them and they have no idea. What is it, a month and some change and the base stats from the launch of the beta don't actually give you the correct stats they display? What the hell is going on?","I'm a 95% pve player.  Best recal I got on some of my gear was protection from elites,  no wonder I felt squishier. ","I tried loading the daily challenge mission 6 times.  12 loading screens and all the bullshit in between because the mission wouldn't begin and open the front doors.  It's been a long time since I was that frustrated with a game. I gave up and logged. That coupled with this season pass bs that makes ea passes look generous, I'm regretting my purchase atm and holding out for a better state of the game.  Which if you look at pre-order game histories, is an industry trend. ","I don't bother with that anymore, I fast travel to there, start the mission, step inside and open my group. Sick of sitting through loading screens to find closed doors.","I take it you dont buy many Ubisoft games?","Standard practice for the \"just get the game shipped and we'll patch it with a download later\" generation.","This whole early-access bull shit was already a cancer in the industry. Now they're releasing early-access games and selling them as finished products. Vanilla Destiny was basically bungie charging us $100 to beta test their game for them. The Taken King is fortunately a finished product but how much did it take to get there. Will we have to wait for a division expansion next year to actually have a complete game?","Difference is (as we learned after-the-fact) Destiny was in dev hell for the whole year before it was released, yet it somehow came out with less bugs than this. this is astounding.","It really does seem like they were forced to release it before it was even close to done.  And yes.  Destiny was/felt the same ","Wow what a shit game. Not surprised coming from ubisoft. ","I thought this subreddit is full of crybabies....but damn Massive is giving us new reason to complain every day.\nI have honestly never before seen a game with this many bugs and glitches. This is too much even for an Ubisoft game...","Why did I pay money for this shit? Grr.","I'm literally pissing myself laughing. \n\nThis entire game seems to be an elaborate prank by the developers. ","Yea I think I'm done. I'm casual, and when I get to wave 15 and my dumb teammates fuck it up and I get 0 reward for an hour of game play. Even if i did pass the reward would probably suck... I'm just starting to realize that there's more productive things to do. ","Yeah even capping off every single resource is still a lttle low. Doesnt cost them any money at all giving us resources. ","thanks to guys like you, who actually do the job that massive's QA should be doing! cheers m8","Exactly, anymore I wind up buying junk just so all the Phoenix Credits I get from dailies aren't wasted.","Do we really have to go through every line of code? Why is their no official statement about this? Massive sucks massive dick. ","is this console or pc\n","broken game they just want make money its our mistake Trusting them","where can i get refund for my season pass?","This.","rofl, those primary school drop out programmer!","Lmao. Nothing was tested? Too bad you have no idea about how much work it takes to make a game of The Division's size even this stable. ","lol, how are people still able to defend these guys? are you even serious right now? where is your /s?","Because I'm not someone who bitches about everything bad that happens in my life. I've also worked in software development before on much, much simpler projects and it's not easy for developers to make things work. But I doubt your average whiner is interested in that. ","lmao, nice try. If this was some indie game with no real support to back them up, maybe, and they'd still be harshly judged. This is AAA game released by a popular and well known company. It's embarrassing to have a game release with **this** many bugs, glitches, and exploits, almost to the point of it feeling like a scam.\n\nNo amount of \"yo i worked on code b4 bruh\" could justify them. Yes, working on code can be difficult. No, that doesn't excuse the mess of a game that Division has released, or the manor / time in which it has taken for them to attempt to fix the few that they have. The fact that people like you would still give them as much as a pass for this bug ridden monstrosity is amazing in itself. When did this become the standard? But then again, you're the type of person to sum up complaining rightfully so about a bug ridden game as \"bitching about everything bad that happens in their life\", and consider critiquing a game, which much needs it, is just being an average whiner.\n\nFuck out of here with that BS.","Wow. You're incredibly intelligent. Thank you for educating me.\n\nIt's not that I'm giving them a pass, or that others are saying it's not good enough. It's just that people think they can demand for something to magically work, and when they don't they bitch. That is immature. That is ignorant.\n\nPeople act like Massive didn't and isn't putting any resources into this at all. And.. people are ignorant and have no idea about how much work a AAA game takes. \n\nTell me, what good does blindly attacking Massive do?","About as much good as defending their efforts I'd wager.","And? It's their job. If it wasn't hard, everyone would be doing it. And they're charging $60 for the base version of the game when it's broken as shit. Would you be cool with buying a $60 blender only to have the buttons stick and a piece of the blade chip off within two weeks? Would you just say \"Oh well, it still kinda blends. And I'm sure making blenders is hard work. I bet all of these people demanding refunds could never make their own blender.\"\n\nDon't defend Massive because coding is hard and they're under a lot of stress. It's their own fault. Issues were carried over *from the open beta* and patches keep going online without public testing. Major bugs and exploits are being overlooked in favor of hotfixing minor issues and pumping out new content - content that's discovered to be broken within a few hours of release. It's a joke.","The game didn't seem to be broken as shit to me. Nor does it even now. Sounds like a lot of people here haven't played many games before if a few glitches and bugs ruin their existence.\n\nDo people expect a game to be like a movie? No bugs? That takes a *lot* of time. Be patient and understanding, not ignorant. \n\nLike I said, I've worked in software development before so I'm used to seeing 1000s of bugs at a time. A few issues here and there does not impact my ability to enjoy what I feel is one of the most immersive games in years. \n\nIf people want to get upset and focus on the negative and decide they can't enjoy the game, so be it.","So here's the thing.  I love the game.  I'm so fucking excited about paying it hurts.  But then I play it, and the staggering amount of shit like this happening makes the game feel unplayable.. And I remember that internal struggle I had about buying the game for $60 knowing that it would be incomplete without buying the additional content.\n\nNow I'm so full of regret that it hurts.","Too bad the people who made the game didn't either.","Yeah ok Massive/Ubisoft employee.\n\nGet TF back to work and fix this game! ","Big surprise. Game is broken. I bet someone ends up in the hospital again!","I wonder if a recent patch did this, there were tons posts before 1.1 where everyone was taking way more damage than they should, even with reckless glitch","No! Just, no... No, no!!","Scenario: As a user I take 1000 damage from an elite\nGiven: I have armor that provides 10% dmg resistance.\n\nso on and so forth.","Reason #2 I haven't picked this game up in weeks. ","You are working on the assumption that they *have* unit tests.  Or any tests, for that matter.  ;-)","Can A.I. crit?\n\nWhat if he crit you while you were wearing the protection from elite perk and didn't when you took it off?\n\nWe need more trials.","I uploaded more pictures with more runs. And no, A.I do not crit. ","I feel like they have a value reversed for damage for/against perks. With this and the reckless chest piece I'm really confused.","someone tell me what the deal is with reckless.. please haha","Reckless says that it increases damage output and also increases damage taken, but instead it increases damage output and decreases damage taken. \n","Reckless says: you deal 13% more damage but take 10% increased damage. \n\nReckless does: you deal 13% more damage AND take 10% less damage. ","makes me wish I hadn't destructed the 3 163z I had... but still I'd have to gove my 4x sentry build... not happening.","What the fuck. Just What the fuck.","This game is just one big bug lmao \n","Hey, BDO is the exact route I've been taking. It's take over my playtime little by little until today when I didn't log into The Division at all. I don't feel a bit sad about it either.","&gt; 4 man manhunts going after solo players.\n\nThe only thing that wrong with manhunt is, that you suddenly completely be unnoticed by players all over the map. If you are 150m around the manhunts, you will eventually see the \"xxxm away\" mark on your top left, but THATS IT.\n\nYOu dont see them through the wall, you dont get map pings. Thats something they really have to change. Manhunters want to be seen and people want to see manhunters, like where is the problem?\n\n-....-","i can't, my dad literally bought another xbox just so we can co-op, and even after showing him shit like this he still asks me every day if i'm gonna do my dailies\n\nthat's what happens when a game is \"good\" simply it has Tom Clancy's name slapped on it.\n\nalso it's his first game with any actual RPG elements and RPG grind in it, and it's made him addicted.","sounds about right","This needs to be a sticky post until the developers confirm that a fix will be deployed asap. ","I never thought I'd go back to Destiny. The Division changed my mind. ","this is where I'm at right now. seems like the last update Bungie released really put Destiny back on track. ","The new loot system is awesome. ","I've been playing Warframe in my free time since both Destiny and The Division let me down. ","15 minutes later and I'm still laughing/crying.","How long was this game in development for?\n\nUnacceptable.","So would you say they had a Massive amount of bugs?\n\nI'll show myself out ","All I can say is Thank you to community members like yourself who spend your time and efforts working stuff like this out. people get paid a fair good wage to do this stuff and yet it's the gamers who end up doing the proper work. \n\n","\"it's not even funny anymore\"? I mean no offense but when was it EVER funny? :/","Can we have Massive change '% Protection from Elites' to '% Aids' until a fix is issued? Lol","\"Just make the interns figure it out\" ","Too bad since this makes the game harder it's not going to be patched. You need to grind more for the gear without that talent.","I know, and some of the issues just don't be makin' no sense. Like at the lincoln tunnel trying to shoot over a ledge at the end, dropping you through the floor or on the other side of a fan between it and the railing. Then getting teleported \"Back\" for being in an unauthorized location, but back in this case means to another safe house on the other side of the map. That fast traveling ain't so fast on around-the-world round trips on the PS4. lol\n\nI'm afraid to see the code. Dropping down a few feet on the z-axis, between 2 existing floors, and it still can't register your correct location. Actually had to fast travel back to the mission and run through the waves of enemies before the boss to get back to the team. That part was actually fun though.\n\nI also wouldn't mind if we didn't get the same dailies back, to back, to back. Not that I don't like Lincoln Tunnel or anything, but variety is the spice of life! lol","RC is the worst.  Fall through the floor outside the door, start taking damage under ground, die and spawn dead in safe house.  Get rezed, fast travel to mission, instantly fall through again, and die.  Log out and back in, fall under ground, dying.  \n\nI logged in to see if anything changed after the hot patches, had bug after bug just trying to run the 2 hard and 1 challenge.  Logged off afterwards in disgust.  I didn't even bother to share the loot I got.  2 magazines and a backpack that were all worthless.  There is no fun to be had.  I still need to run Falcon and beat it, but I can't even force myself to.  The one day I tried, so many bugs until I logged off in disgust.  \n\nThe bugs, the goals, the progression, all of it.  None of it makes sense.  It's like they replaced the entire original team and these people are trying to make it work and wing it without any plan.  I don't get it.  The only thing I can say is that the game feels 100% released before ready by some douche staring at nothing but the bottom line.","Yeah it sounds like a break could do you some good. I'm still in the honey moon phase I supposes. I'm still having fun just having fun. Like you know those armored up guys with riot shields I guess that stab them into the ground and setup shop? I found a lil trick with them, if one guy (me!) runs up and starts punching one, then turn around to punch the other, on repeat, it throws them both off enough your team can just come around and light them up from the rear. lol\n\nI can see it holding my attention a bit longer. Especially if they take some of their short film or movie budget for the game and actually spend it on their game. Reward progression stays (at least) semi balanced between PvP and PvE, and with any luck at all even solo! \n\nIt's hard to defend AAA launch titles with their budgets and their new ability to get people to pay hand over fist just to beta test their games for them. You know what wouldn't shock me? If a big wig saw that and said 'what do we need our own QA team for?' LOL, BUT it is still early in the game and another patch is incoming.","The shield guys aren't so bad if the encounter allows you to flank.  When aggro swaps, people from the other angle shoot.  It's when they turtle in a corner you have to use a grenade, flashbang, other CC.  You can also hit their pack or use explosive or fire ammo.  Lot of ways for them.  They are just a PITA when there's multiple of them and engineers popping turrets or medics dropping mass healing stations.  Have to prioritize targets.","It's the punching thing that cracks me up. You can also run behind them, light them up, and when they turn to face you just start punching to confuse the crap out of them... while their backs are now fully exposed to your 3 team mates. haha","Guessing there was a pissed off developer who wreaked havoc with all the numbers before quitting. That's the only explanation.","One could say that this is a... MASSIVE mistake....\n\nba dun tss","Response on the Ubi Forums:\n&gt; Originally Posted by Ubi-QuB3\n\n&gt; Hello everyone, \n&gt; \n&gt; we'll forward that to the developers. \n&gt; \n&gt; Thank you for reporting this! \n&gt; \n&gt; Regards,\n&gt; QuB3\n\nOver/under on when this actually gets fixed?","A stat based RPG where the stats shown to you can't be trusted, whether it's the BoO literally making up figures to show you or a damage reduction stat being programmed to increase the amount of damage you take.\n\nAny people will say any complaints are whining and entitlement.","This seems like something that wouldn't make it to QA. It's too fundamental to slip through the cracks.  It's the key defensive stat for your most difficult content.  The protection% values were quite significant, I was wondering why I didn't see more praise for it's application in PVE.  Not that I would have bothered with it anyway's but.. \n\nwow.","Join most of us at /r/darksouls3 ;)","Yep, while I have been fading slowly on The Division since I hit 30/50, this final demonstration of incompetence is it for me. The combination of the severe lack of fun in the grind and the general incompetence of the developers and testers is just ridiculous.\n\nThis game is simply in a beta status.\n\nIt was the game I had hoped would restore a little faith in Ubisoft for me after swearing off their games for the past 5+ years, but instead I wasted $100 and consider it a lesson to never trust Ubi as a publisher ever again, a reminder of why I don't pre-order and never purchase season passes.","I still enjoy it. ","I just bought Dark Souls 3. Screw Massive. The overall content is boring. The city/map was pretty awesome, but thats about it.","I had a good laugh about this on this fine sunday afternoon. Thnks Massive!","http://imgur.com/br0pyaf","So today's the day I put down the Division huh?\n\nWell I guess that's all she wrote, when they fix all of the bugs in this game I might come back. The exploits that haven't been punished, constant bugs and the lag in this game. \n","So has anyone tested exotic damage resilience?","That only stops plasma from the ufo's","lmao","What does exotic even cover?","non-bullet damage so explosions and fire.","I wouldn't be surprised if having a higher exotic resilience increases the chance of you spontaneously combusting at any given moment.","So I got this game free with a new video card purchase, is it even worth installing and playing?","It's free, so no real loss there.  Either way though the storyline stuff is actually really pretty good.  It's just that once you finish that you're just in a gear treadmill with PvP.","Been playing WoW for over a decade now, bring on the gear treadmill.  I guess as long as the gemaplay itself is decent, and there aren't a plethora of blatant hackers/glitch abusers, I wouldn't mind.","Well PC=hackers.  Check all the threads.  And I've done the gear treadmill in FFXI, FFXIV, WoW, Guild Wars, GW2, DDO, and the original Everquest.  This is just some RNG BS a lot of the time.  \n\nBut again, the PvE story stuff is really good.","Absolutely.  This is the best completely broken game I've played recently.  There's hilariously glaring flaws but it's still good and fun?  fuck if I know how they pulled that off","I have to agree with you, Division is the buggiest game with the most fun shoot 'em RPG gameplay I've experienced in a looong time... Feels like a cross between Diablo and Counter-Strike in 3D, and it does an amazing job expressing that feel of romping through a world shooting the shit out of enemies while levelling up and getting progessively and incrementally more badass gear. It really does a good ass-job of doing what I believe Destiny tried to half-assedly do before they gave up and started polishing the shit out of the gunplay, world experience and addiction-generating elements (I'm guessing in response to a part-way scrap of their main story and content). It's just sad that the bugs are so glaring that people hear more about that than the actual gameplay, especially the co-op gameplay, which is in itself sooo much fun and pretty well implemented once you understand how it works (not including PvP).","I guess this explains why some players get 1 shot by snipers in challenge mode, when i survive it with like 62k health, i guess its even worse when you face shot gunners lmfao :D","You forgot the worst ones. The net code design. Allows for unlimited ammo, dps hack, teleporting, and desyncing items to stack abilities. Any modern game controls this server side not local. This is the single reason for all the hacking. ","This whole thread is like the decimal point/mundane detail car ride in Office Space.","I have not played since before Incursion, for fuckery such as this. Such a shame.","Omg....if this is true AND they didn't say anything BUT wanna ban people for cheesing gear? This would be the last straw. Game breaking screw job by massive. This had better not  be true. ","http://imgur.com/QVVKbrT Feels good man","Fellow gamers,\nThis game is currently in an extended beta.  We appreciate the time and money you have poured into this game.  We will keep releasing new content, both free and paid, for your continued testing.  We will probably get around to fixing all of these issues.  Maybe.  Don't hold your breath.\nSincerely, \nUbisoft/Massive","Some would say the coding in this game has been... reckless.","1+1=3\n\nBR: Massive","The answer is: None","Yep, nearly 20 years in development now and not once has a project that started out as TDD finished as TDD.\n\nAs soon as someone higher up gets twitchy, timescales get cut and unit tests become \"I'll do them later when I get a chance\".","I worked as a developper for a bit at a financial company. Tests were basically not done unless we had extra time to do them(AKA we always had other stuff to program) so we ended up never doing any automated tests.","That's not true. I know firsthand of some departments in large companies that do it.","I'm an EE that works on high power hardware, mostly for RADAR applications, sometimes for power conditioning purposes.\n\nEvery line of firmware, every diode, every resistor, every process is tested, retested and verified before being pushed to the field.\n\nGranted, if a mistake like this was made where I work, things blow up, and people could die, so there is extra care taken.\n\nHow such a simple, testable error, could make it through QA is a huge black eye from a professional standpoint. I would never hire someone who had this project on their resume.","&gt; I would never hire someone who had this project on their resume.\n\nAnd that says more about you than them. Congratulations on working for a company/industry that has concrete requirements for TDD. It's unfortunate that you'd blame engineers for industry/company standards that drive how and when they work. You've either never had the pleasure of working outside of your current field, or you've been incredibly lucky in finding jobs that don't pander to the almighty dollar and shareholders.\n\n And if you think it's as simple as \"just do it anyway\" - I've got Arizona beachfront property to sell you.","Lol. I've worked entirely test first for about 15 years. You are incorrect.","Rabble rabble! RABBLE RABBLE RABBLE! ","Yeah just fire them. You sound like an idiot. All you're thinking about is  you. You don't care if they have families to feed.. They still made a great game. It's very flawed right now, yes, but I'm sure you have gotten your money's worth.","Thank you for the insult.  But, let's look at this maturely.  It's software.  It's a product.  The fact that the product is a game is irrelevant.  They pushed out a product they poorly tested, was incomplete, and full of work around fixes that the game has outlived and is falling apart.  They already did a complete flip flop on crafting and logically all they did was make the grind worse to slow more people down.  The game is in a sorry state.  \n\nEvery piece of software has bugs.  EVERY.  The difference is when you find bugs in a live piece of software, they happen under odd or unforeseen circumstances.  A lot of bugs in this game happen using the game exactly as intended.  That means some things were never tested.  Or, they were and they were pushed aside for deadlines.  Hence, why I said it was probably a suit that is responsible for this debacle.  These aren't magical jobs.  In any other industry, this type of action and it becoming public is grounds for demotion or termination.  Which, is never said in public.  You'd hear X has left the company and we wish them well.  Y has joined the company and will set to work on fixing all that is wrong in a timely manner.  That's how it works.  \n\nMoney's worth?  That's is debatable depending on the person.  Those that bought season passes might have some serious issue with that.  \n\nYou can keep going on saying it's just a game or whatever your excuse is.  These jobs are real.  The product is real.  The money is real.  Choices are real.  The gaming industry gets away with a lot because of people making excuses for them.  It will continue because for all the bitching, people keep buying.  Not only buying but pre-ordering and buying season passes.  That and all the fanboying people for who the company can do no wrong.  \n\nThis game is already a PR black eye.  Games have become the next movie industry.  The money is so big for making and profit that it hits real news now.  If they don't right the ship soon, future profits will take a serious hit and you know what happens then.  The axe swings and it's not just one person on the block.\n\nTLDR:  Grow up.","I hope you're joking. ","Well, he isn't wrong if you were able to play the game for a certain amount of hours. WIth all the hacks, exploits, bugs, etc etc, I still got my moneys worth just playing.","They did not make a great game. At its best, this game is average. It's a time sink, that's it.\n\nAnd someone having a family isn't relevant to how well they perform their job, or how much they deserve their job. ","Their fucking QA department released the Division and then went, \"oh hey, dark souls 3 got released, we've got friends at from software, let's give that a playthrough\"","I noticed these stats did noting at the get go and have been rolling for crits since","I think this type of game breaking stuff does warrant a refund, people were saying xbox customer support and even sony were offering refunds for the game, just be careful that it's not you \"one exception refund\" ","already uninstalled","I luckily bought a season pass! Yay","Yes.  This. ","fuck this game","No way. I can't imagine this bug fix is anything more than changing a + sign somewhere to a -. Or something almost as easy. It's more likely they don't have a qa team. This is a basic basic basic thing thats so easily testable. ","Yeah it would be easy to test and find as a QA team, but that doesn't stop the overall person in charge telling the programmers \"Fix XYZ because it's more important\"\n\nHell I found bugs in the games I've QA'd for and one of them caused the game to hard crash, but as it's cause wasn't common I was told it wasn't a priority to fix.","But doesn't stuff like Reckless and this bug right here fall into the \"extremely common\" category?","If a bug is bad but not noticeable enough that players wont find out for quite some time, then its not on prio for a fix, ridiculous as that is.","I think they didn't catch it, a bug that drastically impacts how people will prioritize gear is kind of a big deal. These are the same testers that supposedly took \"4 days in a locked room\" to beat CM incursion...","QA can never catch everything, and being good at games and good at finding bugs are two very different skills.\n\nQA departments are usually pretty good at finding most things, and almost always find more stuff than developers have time to fix.\n\nThat's the struggle, fixing the stuff that breaks the most things first. This doesn't just apply to video games, lots of companies and industries are running their businesses on code that works well enough most the time.","A lot of this bullshit should be found during code reviews and PR's. Or is Massives logic \"fuck it, we'll do it live!\"?","What the actual fuck","You know, I was baffled why I was taking so much dmg when I swapped off a chest with reckless on it for something with capped protection from elites. I chalked the dmg increase I was taking to the reckless. Apparently it was a compounded effect xD","Same same here. Swapped my reckless chest out yesterday for a set piece, instantly felt like I was taking more damage yet didn't think much of it. Because, apparently me and my misguided ways assumed that if I remove a piece of armor that says I should be taking 10% more damage and put on a piece of armor that says I have protection from elites that I would be taking less damage.\n\nNow it all makes sense. ","What? Fuck the...","TDD is great in theory but unit tests are always the first thing to go when timescales are tight.\n\nThis game was delayed for 2 years so timescales should not have been a problem.","I honestly hate writing them first. All those little warnings telling me methods don't exist. \n\nI can see it's worth though. ","Honestly. Falling apart. ","This level of incompetence is really amazing. The game and the company  manage to surprise the community every fucking single day with new glitches and exploits. \n\nI stopped playing the game a week ago but I still get mad. Huge huge insult to players. \n\nAre we still on the fucking beta!?","Were the ranges for the sniper shots consistent? I don't know if that effects the damage output of enemy snipers enough to skew the results. ","Lol.. needed more people to see these compounding issues with the game like 2 weeks ago.\n\nInstead of pressing Ubisoft on the matter people shut it down as whine.. now.. our deserved refunds/credits without hassle are dried up.","I love that we have to do their testing for them.","&gt; I just feel terribly sad about the amount of mats that you more than likely expended to achieve the \"protection from elites.\"\n\nThis - so much this!","Whats next you take more damage the more armor you stack ? that would be even more hilarious.\nWhat about recklessness damage increase what if its a damage decrease and not an increase ? that would be even more hilarious.","Err, actually it's the opposite. Apparently reckless give you increased damage to elites AND increased protection from them.","Is it possible the elite hit you in a different spot resulting in less damage?","It is possible, but seems odd that they consistently did it especially as he tried different ranges and angles.\n\nOf itself it does not prove anything, but it does seem to tally with a number of posts on here about taking extra damage from elite enemies and what I have experienced in the last couple of days since I equipped two pieces of armour with this stat on them.","There is another thread where they found the actual formula in the game files. So it's true.","This is not the kind of issue that if ever supposed to get to QA in the first place. The weird talent stacking bug sure, maybe that makes it to QA, but this only requires the developer do any testing at all on the code he wrote.","I want to be a fly on the wall in the Ubi office on Monday morning... \"So this popped up on Reddit over the weekend guys...\"","This is perfect! I know which stat to roll off my gear now! ","Why does this only have 363 likes?","Someone needs to test all of the \"increase armor/protection/damage\" etc perks. \n\nEven the \"increase armor when in cover\" and all of that. \n\nMight be there is a \"-\" in the code where there shouldn't be. ","This is ridiculous. I've stuck through all the bugs before this but now I'll be putting down the game until this is fixed ","Code must've been like this. \n\nDamageOfElite * 1 + (%of ProtectionFromElites) instead of DamageOfElite * 1 - (% of ProtectionFromElites)\n\nWhat a shame. ","Dammit, gotta check all my gear now. I just made an 80k health 65% damage mitigation gear set but the elites were giving me more trouble than usual.","If their coders don't know how to operate math, we're fucked, and they're stupid.","Ubisoft is outsorsing QA to gamers.","Re roll time","Now you know why you need math in school, massive. ","I want to love this game, I really do.  But man alive..","Explains alot why i felt so squishy with max elite prot and armor.","Why, Massive??? Why????","&gt;if only that they some sort of really really simple automated tests to ensure that this kind of game scripting actually fucking worked.\n\nAs an automation developer myself, I'm honestly surprised that they apparently don't have basic automation around items and their effects. It's more difficult to do in games, especially new or unique engines, but it's by no means impossible.","yeah I guess so but you know if they have engineers that create their own in house engines then a simple even unit test framework to go with their game logic scripting solution should be a doddle right?\n\nthey said the same crap in BF4 when a tonne of the weapon mods were just fucked on launch - \"there's literally thousands of combinations blah blah - impossible to test blah blah\" but I don't buy it. each mod has a very discrete set of modifications that could very easily be tested in isolation at least (i.e. given these inputs I expect the mod function to give me these outputs). That would have caught the a negative being treated as a positive before the dev even checked it in man. not once it's live.\n\n","I'm sure the unit tests were fine, something like item or perk validation is more likely to be full-blown automation, run by QA Automation developers, not the game developers, since it's dealing with data, not just methods.\n\nUnit tests aren't the same thing as automation.","if the unit tests were fine how do the functions do the exact opposite of what they're supposed to? think about it for second m8. the first quality gateway is the developer. always. ","Unit tests don't use live data, they're developer stubs. I'm not going to get into the difference between unit tests and QA automation, they're at different levels.","I've been doing TDD for over 15 years. As a tester you don't need me to tell you about using simple examples to triagulate to an algorithm's final implementation. there are literally 0 examples that come to mind where using TDD would not catch **not negating a variable**. you don't need live data to check your smallest unit of shit works. that's the whole point. the first quality gateway is the developer. is the developer doesn't give a shit and just throws his code over a wall for testers to check is always onto a loser. true story.","&gt; you don't need live data to check your smallest unit of shit works.\n\nThat's literally my point, they're using different datasets. The way it's behaving is likely data-driven. I'm sure the methods itself are fine, but someone flipped a sign in the data, or something along the lines.\n\nEither way, neither of us have seen their codebase so at this point we're both speculating. I'm not going to get into a pissing match over speculation. Have fun.","What the fucking fuck? Hopefully this gets some kind of media attention so it can actually get fixed in a timely manner. I really like this game, but damn it doesn't even feel like it's worth it to play at this point. Maybe I'll just stick to Dark Souls for now.","It's almost like watching 2 retarded ferrets having sex....and this game is their offspring.","\"Damage\" would almost certainly be a property of either the bullet or the thing firing it, while damage mitigation would almost certainly be a property of the entity receiving it--that's just how games are coded. There's a line that probably looks something like this:\n\nOnDamage(Enemy enemy)\n{\n    int baseDamage = enemy.damage;\n    baseDamage *= 1 + this.protectionFromElites;\n    health -= basedamage;\n}\n\nMy bet is a simple switch of a + and a - sign. They're right next to each other, and it's such a simple line that there's almost no need to test it.","If that is true, I wonder if the damage to elites is also flawed? ","I'm legit mad. I've worked so hard to spec out my gear and get everything right and now I find out all the times I keep saying \"man should I keep protection against elites or (insert substat)\" I could of got rid protection against elites and got a better overall load out. But now I can't because I already traded out a substat and can go back and switch out protection against elites. Not only that keeping that substat is only hurting me overall. ","BULLSHIT!","I'd like to know- think you can try this while taking damage from another NPC type?\n\nI've always had a sneaking suspicion that snipers do % health damage. If that's the case AND they're factoring protection in before damage done, then the snipers would hit a protected agent harder.\n\nI'm not trying to defend the devs here, because if I'm correct, they're still drooling morons for factoring damage after protection.","This game is such an embarassement HAHAHAH. No developer should be allowed to recover from this.","That's what I said, and of course they are overwhelmed, expecting millions of players not seeing in what a sh*tty state their \"game\" was released in was probably their first tought when making it","BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA","Actually,\nits quite simple.\n\nfor every perk, talent and stats (increase or decrease in something), you HAVE to make sure it works..\n\nJust give QA a list of all oerks, talents and stats incease/decreast,and ask them to test it out.  QAs job is not to fix something they dont know is broken, QAs job is to make sure everything is working accordingly. Thats all.\n\nWondered if QA did their job.. or did the developers even ordered QA to do such a thing","I've been gaming for a really long time and I believe that locking people out of their account for 30 days without addressing it sooner is probably the worst fuck up in MMO history. ","I feel great that I have specifically stayed away from protection from elites as of now, looks like my greediness is rewarded","Uh... How isn't coding the problem?\n\nAlgorithms and formulas are part of code.  Even if you meant to code var damage_reduced = damage * (1 **-** protection_from_elites);\n\ninstead of \n\nvar damage_reduced = damage * (1 **+** protection_from_elites);\n\nIt's still your code.  Formulas/math are part of the code.  And by the looks of it, they don't even have unit tests for half the shit they run or they probably just happy path everything.\n","I mean it's just a flipped sign. Everyone has made a similar type of bug in their career at some point. But someone or something like a unit test or even a manual test (much more common for large games) definitely should've caught that before the game was shipped. ","I agree, but bug in code that is caught in test or not is still a bug in the code.  And overall with the amount of bugs and glitches in their code it really doesn't appear to be a healthy or maintainable code base.\n\nNew game breaking exploits or bugs are found on a weekly basis which has continually caused an exodus of players from their game.","&gt;Mobile Cover, Reckless, Double Revive, Incursion Farming, Hornet, Bullet King, Police Academy, Glitching outside the DZ for rank, Protection from elites, Hamish lying about blue division tech changes, DZ bosses not dropping gear according to their level, scavenging being completely useless, The entire nomad set, Incursions being annoying mobfests rather than fun, Fire Bullets, Shock Turrets, M44 with Explosive Bullets, Defense Ultimate, 4 man manhunts going after solo players.\n\nWe didn't start the fire","please do this. that would be gold.","&gt; Edit: what can be criticized is their unit tests. How they didn't catch this is beyond me.\n\nUnit tests are part of your coding skills. Bad/no unit tests for such a major product = low coding skills. So their coding skills are the problem. As is evident from this whole trainwreck of a game.","Bollocks mate. 99% of the time timescales dictate whether unit tests get done or not.\n\nAs a dev you want to write the tests but not if it means you are writing them at midnight after you've got the wife and kids to bed since the project timescales have all been squeezed from high up.","You'd be surprised how a lot of large products don't have unit tests everywhere. I'd imagine the same is true of a lot of AAA games.","Here is an easy fix. \n\nSpend all you mats rolling for a chest piece with reckless and 20% protection from elites. \n\nBing bang boom working as intended. ","The sad part about this, is they won't hotfix this. People probably (myself included) had gear set to do challenging missions and recalibrated to get PFE just to find out it was causing more damage. I love it, 10/10 Massive. ","Now I need to go home and check how many \"protection\" from elite perks I have...I think it's on a couple of my pieces.","Now watch this drive. ","dont forget falling through the floor like its quicksand or something. ","Nice to know I am just committing suicide with my 15% damage protection from elites. Seriously thank you for the time spent figuring this out hopefully the Devs will add this to their laundry list of things to do.","At this point it is equally as likely that Health on Kill reduces damage from elites as it is that Protection from Elites is working as intended. What's in a name, anyway?","No worries guys, they did this to balance out 'Reckless'\n\nworking as intended","i was thinking this is ubis last chance to make something good.  if they are smart they will put all their eggs in one basket and make sure it doesnt fail.  because its the last straw. ","Lol at the people still playing this garbage game. ","Lol at the guy who disses the garbage game but still comes to the sub","Hes just trying to make others stop playing so that he can rub up against it without us noticing...","/r/all is a thing. ","Ur point?? still clicked, came here and commented","Ur? What are you five? Honestly I keep hoping to see the game getting better. Instead I see more complaints. ","sorry grammar hitler, didnt realize i was writing a college term paper","I'm not attacking you for your grammar, I'm saying you are too lazy to write two extra letters. Even worse. ","sorry hitler my bad","I get it. I attacked your game and your intelligence so now you call me Hitler, thinking it would make me mad. Real clever. Very original. ","showing stupidity by ignoring the fact that a majority of people abbreviate when in a non professional environment..... \n\nvery clever hitler, very clever","That moment when the consumers are better testers and devs than your employees...","You forgot this: https://www.reddit.com/r/thedivision/comments/4dnnmt/another_reason_to_not_trust_dpsstats_always_check","He only had to use mats for one gear piece, if he didn't get it as a bonus he would just recalibrate. Probably wasted a bunch of credits though.","I am also very thankful I didn't buy the season pass yet. I have only bought a few season passes at game release to see if it's worth it. I bought Fallout 4 season pass immediately for obvious reasons.","&gt; or a MASSIVE amount of miscommunication\n\nNice","HA! Good fucking lord this game..","&gt; it's just the math that they fucked up\n\n\"I are *good* writer, honest! Is just *grammar* my are fucked.\"\n\nMaths is about the most fundamental competency imaginable for any would-be programmer. If *arithmetic* baffles you, then you'd better be Warren fucking Spector, else we're hiring the person that didn't drop out of sixth-grade to assemble our *incredibly basic formulae*.\n\nEdit: Oh, and speaking of \"incredibly basic\", here are [Massive's next batch of candidates now](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkP_OGDCLY0&amp;t=17). Say hi, everyone!","It's a flipped sign man. It's not like they committed some serious math atrocity.","Lol now I know why we were being straight up taint punched with our 4 man Squads with Armor sets geared against elite damage.\n\nThis kind of reminds me of in EvE Online situation where several years ago the stats and bonuses in Wormhole space were incorrectly applied with negative stats to ship weapons which caused ludicrous damage (TL:DR Bonuses of living in a WH gave stat bonuses which became Negative and stacked giving hilariously OP weapons on ships).\n\nIt is really hard to give sympathy to Ubi and Massive after, repeated mistakes such as this, let alone the exploits, bugs and rampant hacking. How did this not make it past their internal QA testing?","I bet exotic damage resilience causes you to take more damage too","This game is a fucking mess lol. At this point all you can do is laugh.","I just don't get how Massive can insta-patch loot farming and exploits while ignoring core problems like this. The rehab mask talent took a month to fix. Reckless is still broken. Now this.\n\nThere's something disingenuous about Massive's priorities here. It's like they want to do everything possible to stop hardcore players from finding an edge anywhere.\n\nMeanwhile, hackers rule the game on PC and core bugs like this aren't even addressed. I guess fixing Bullet King was more important?","wow.\n\nI wonder if damage against elites is also broken.","This is just really embarrassing at this point.","Ditto, I ended up feeling like everything is pure fucking randomness, even when you think you know what should be happening..","fuuuuuuuuck. my sentry gearset has 20% ffs. omfg.","would also love to know what my real DPS is .. seems to change based on which menu I am in, which time of day it is, the weather, if I have to go to the bathroom or not, and so on...","My skill power fluctuates from 46k, down to 40k, and sometimes 33k. Resetting the game puts me at my proper 46k, but in the middle of incursions it'll just drop 13000 and I'll become useless. It's a giant pain in the dick and it's been happening for weeks.","Mine does that, too - fluctuates between 129-150k (I know, I don't play much) seemingly at random...","&gt; I think you got it bit wrong here their QA failed, you cannot fix what you don't know is broken\n\nthis should have been caught in code review before making it to QA","Played last night. Getting one spotted by snipers and that didn't make sense. This is getting out of hand.","Never prepay for future gaming content.","As hard as it is not to lose my shit over this, thank you for testing and proving the bug.  \n\n\nI can now focus on removing it from my gear and hopefully being able to attempt CM incursion again.\n\nIts ridiculous yes, hopefully they'll fix it sooner rather than later. Hopefully they will give us a bunch of mats for compensation. They kinda owe everyone that at the very least. \n","So...things that should lower damage increase it, and things that should increase it, like reckless lower it...","at this point I'm wondering if there even is a QA team...","If there was, it was laid off on release.","So what youre saying is they didnt try out the game themselves?","Same shit happened to me smh. I thought since I play solo most the time that protection from elites would help a bit. I kept saying to myself why am I having to use medi packs soo quick.","Seems to be something got flipped in the code. \n\nHas anyone tested the \"damage to elites\" and all that too? \n\nWonder if it's just on armor or anything that's supposed to be increased/decreased has been flipped?","As an electrical engineer with experience in coding and software development, screwing up math would imply your code is not running as intended.  Arguably, math is the building block to algorithm development (coding), considering it boils down to binary logic, 1's and 0's.","They just flipped the sign, if you see the original post.\n\nAnd FWIW, I'm an actual experienced software dev, and it really isn't an indication of their coding skills.","&gt; it really isn't an indication of their coding skills\n\nRather an indication of their common sense in terms of math:\n\n* Multiplier that reduces something? Has to be (1 + x).\n* Damage taken multiplier looks like (1 - x), add something to x so players take more damage? Has to be a positive increment.\n\nSeems logical","Coupled with how the daily missions are manually plugged into their script vice any sort of function, considering how the game revolves around their RNG, yes it really is an indication of their coding skills.  ","This, mistakes happen, and some tricky hidden ones can be hard to catch (IE exploits that require glitching through walls) but how on earth did they not catch the fact that their damage reduction formula was working backwards? It really makes me curious to know how much testing they've (not) done in the game.","Agreed. This is something that would've been easily caught if they had tests for their stat modifiers.","This is very likely. Happened to me more than once. But there's absolutely no excuse for errors like that making it past the testing stage. ","forget testing, this is a logic error, it should not bypass the unit tests if they bothered to have one.\n\no hey when you put it as 1.1 the end result is the play health takes a smaller hit, not a bigger hit, this isn't right.\n\nor hell, a code review. ","I've never worked in a game company that used unit testing for anything except core tech. Usually the code changes way to fast to make it worth maintaining them. \n\nBut even if there are unit tests, this kind of error could still have passed, as it might not be a code error, but a communication error. \n\nI've worked with data parameters before called things like damageReduction. And sometimes there's no way to know if it's a modifier (i.e. use 0.7 for a 30% reduction), a \"readable\" percentage (i.e. use 30 for a 30% reduction), or even an inverse modifier (1.3 for a 30% reduction). \nAll would pass a unit test, and when setting the data for an item to any of these values, it wouldn't affect a unit test at all. You don't want it to break when the data is set to increase the damage, because that's something you might actually want to experiment with doing. \n\nThat's why QA testing all data updates is important. Errors like this tend to be data errors, for which it's hard to automate tests. ","Ahhh i see the problem here. The first Imgur you posted has a streak going through your head, (the bullet line) the second is a little lower (body shot). This does make a difference because as the player your headshots do more then body. You shoulda tried this a couple more times to make an accurate argument. ","He did 5 runs with each, all with the same results.","Ahh I see your problem. You don't know how to read and are too lazy to test anything for yourself. ","Oh i tested it. But until we see actual numbers fly off of ourselves. Then any test can be made unvalid due to the fact that damage varies for everyone. Crits can vary for some reason but base shots cannot.","&gt; Where's the compensation for the hours I poured into something and finding out that its really the exact fucking opposite?\n\nHow about next week when they fix the bug and the gear makes you practically unkillable? ","Well that explains why I was getting downed so much with my gold pieces, as every single one had Protection from Elites.\n\nSince I started running my Nomad pieces + swapped gold for Crit stats, my survivability hasn't just shot up, it's gone through the roof.","Reason #287 as to why I've put this game down temporarily until they can actually make this game playable.","I just want to point out that a sack of potato's falls at the same rate as a sack of one potato...\n\n","i bet you are all kinds of fun at parties ;)","Correct me if I'm wrong but doesn't this then completely eff up the Sentry set?","Bummer. I had a lot of faith in massive and their game. Preordered and bought the season pass. This is pretty shitty. Honestly it's worse than any fuckup by bungie with destiny. I'm pretty upset to be honest.","This game made me appreciate how well Bungie did with Destiny; after spending a year thinking they did a shitty job.\n\nIm now back with the Guardians.","Nice, I always rolled out this crappy stats since I want to gear up for PVP considering a great PVP build will still do the job vs elites.","That's still 107k effective HP. Maybe more stats are causing you to take increased damage.","A lady used her employee's discount so I could purchase this broken ass game. I sincerely feel sorry to that lady using her discount on this.","Frustration has finally hit me. I'm done until there are some changes....","good thing they had the most played beta or whatever to fix these types of issues before release lmfao, massive has shown they will not be getting another big title game to make any time soon with their incompetence.","Hahahahahah!! I thought the same thing! Gs203, playing with my friends in challenge mode thinking \"how embarrassing! I'm dying all the time... They're not going to let me come along if I keep at this rate...\" I think I'm around 37% protection from elites.","\"No. Just, no.\"","That makes two of us. So sad... ","Third..","Felt the same way.","My best guess is that they absolutely knew this game was completely broken. That's why they had no review copies sent out. \n\nIt was either take a loss and scrap the game. Or push it out in the best shape they could make it. \n\nUnfortunately the gaming industry has learned that people will buy the crap out of their game if they hype it up enough and market it correctly regardless of how the finished product is or even if they are representing the finish product in their marketing campaign. \n\n\n ","Look at the bright side, if they fix it in a month (because they've got more pressing matters like stopping crafters on their hands), you'll have good armor.\n","Great game!","It compiles, it runs, release it. The division feels rushed.","Yeah, a multiplication program coded to to divisions will compile and run, which they nearly litteraly did lol","Yeah, I can understand if \"run at wall at 45 degree angle while whistling Dixie and throw mobile cover at perfect 90 degree angle then laugh as you move through the wall into the next room\" gets missed by QA.  But not this.","It's obvious the team didn't respect the deadline and Ubisoft released it anyway","Man...I was really looking forward to this game.","Unbelievable, no wonder i've been going done that a sack of potatoes since i \"upgraded\" my gear !","Sometimes I feel the community is doing more for the game then the Dev's are.... Whats keeping me playing are friends but everyday it gets harder and harder to accept I paid good money for a half-done game","Here I thought it was a good stat, I have 35% and wondered what was wrecking me so much more then teammates.","Well this sucks eggs. Only just joined reddit as a friend told me about it and i find this out!! Who can i call to tell them they suck!!??","&gt; ubisoft\n\n&gt; good game\n\nPick one","I wonder if this is also happening with the \"damage reduction from fire\" etc...","To add on...  \nSkill power cap.  \nTalent stacking.  \n","Okay I'm done. Gonna switch back over to WoW until they finish this game. This game is still in beta, there is no denying it. I won't come back until all the free \"DLC\" has been added and again... beta tested on live servers.","Have you tried this multiple times? What if the shot hit you in the head vs body crit, that could account for the difference in damage","I uploaded more pictures with more runs. And it seems A.I gives consistent damage. ","[deleted]","I agree. Multiple screen shots would give us a better idea of what hit you the first time vs the second. Head on the first and body on the second would certainly make a difference for NPC because it makes a difference for you.","I uploaded more pictures with more runs.","Yea this isn't even close to an appropriate sample size. Should have been done a minimum of ten times. ","I uploaded more pictures with more runs. I did 4 more times and it seems to be that A.I gives consistent damage. So I don't think ten times are needed.","&gt;Edit: Fool me once, shame on me. Fool me twice, shame on you. Fool me: Mobile Cover, Reckless, Double Revive, Incursion Farming, Hornet, Bullet King, Police Academy, Glitching outside the DZ for rank, Protection from elites, Hamish lying about blue division tech changes, DZ bosses not dropping gear according to their level, scavenging being completely useless, The entire nomad set, Incursions being annoying mobfests rather than fun, Fire Bullets, Shock Turrets, M44 with Explosive Bullets, Defense Ultimate, 4 man manhunts going after solo players.\n\n\nWhen you see it ALL in one place...just...wow...\n\nThis game really is fucked up huh? \n","Honestly they are the laughing stock of the gaming industry at this point, there is no way gamers, investors, or other companies can take them seriously. \n\nI wish they would sell the IP to Rockstar/Take two\n\nyou can say what you want about Shark Cards but they outdo themselves for the content they offer for $60","No. GTA online sucks. Just as many hackers, and overpriced things. Here's some cool stuff, and here's a card you can buy to get it. Or just hack it. Either way. But if you are legit good luck spending 200 hours trying to earn it. ","Say what you want, they have like 10 games in 1 and they didn't charge for any DLC and constantly release new stuff","And yet I haven't played it in months.  Wonder why. ","Soooo...\n\nWhat is ACTUALLY working with this game?","The inner-game shop works very well. You can find it on the option menu. And we have 100%  guaranteed success for buying DLCs. Check it out.","Omg really?\n\nExcuse my wallet and I...\n\nNever, ever again will I spend another dime on this game.\n\nYou know how to fix everything? Bite the bullet, nuke the game, refund the customers who bought a copy, and go back into alpha and beta phases for fixes until it's in better condition.\n\nIt will SUCK for the developer, but that's the price to pay for releasing a game that was as hyped as this, in the condition it is.","You've got to be fucking kidding me. *sigh* I'm not even surprised anymore. At least Overwatch is coming out soon. ","The worst is that to fix reckless they have to change one fucking variable. That's it. Why it isn't fixed yet blows my mind.","because it's not letting people gain crafting materials or any type of credit, that is fixed in less than 24hrs","Wait changing one integer in the Reckless damage formula locks people out of of gaining mats or credits? Do you have a source for that because I can't imagine what kind of code fuckup would make the two relate.","sorry I should've been more clear about the sarcasm","The number of bugs and glitches made me actually believe you lol, shame on me.","Probably because nobody at massive has a coherent idea of the code base anymore and its probably mostly undocumented too. So changing anything could break literally everything. They dont want to risk that.","Protection from Elites is working as intended. It makes you die faster, and then your corpse takes absolutely no damage. Genius!","The funny thing is the players are now taking the time to find bugs that the devs could find 10x easier. ","&gt;  do I keep my gear with the hope that you guys fix this or is this going on your long laundry list of known bugs that will be added to the bottom of the pile?\n\nAll items with this stat will vanish after the fix, just like our hopes and dreams.","Not that I ever had a tank build, but had two pieces of +% protection against elites. I'd throw them on when soloing the DZ or PvE CM. Now understanding why I was getting melted (like stick of butter in boiling water, melted). At the time I chalked it up to -4% in mitigation due to armour loss. Welp.","Increase apc missile reload time.","Wouldn't surprise me if you are spot on with hoe the confusion happened - time to look at your dictionary guys!","In that case the guy who created the variable needs to note it. If i pass something unclear off to another dev I hear about it, I see no reason to give them a pass for the same thing.","imagine this, all the comments are in say Chinese / Indian and the poor guy using it had to guesstimate because someone said that was acceptable coding standard.\n\ngiven massive is Sweaden replace Chinese with sweadish vs an english only guy. and this could very well happen.\n\nif they do not enforce coding standard, or if the second guy was say a in game physics dev covering someone doing the stats, then this could also happen (in fact that is what I think happened because not every stat is swapped, only a relatively small number).","Is it just me or is everything in this game backwards? Reckless you're meant to take 10% more damage but take less, protection from elites is meant to lower damage taken from them but instead increases it...","I have a 182 chest with...\n\n11% protection from elites\n\n11% health on kill\n\n7% damage to elites \n\nBut it puts me at 1% increase in damage received! Isn't math fun?! This is just hilarious! Have there been tests on damage perks also? Now I'm wondering which stats are backwards!","No worries...massive will be handing out 50 Phoenix credits next month to make up for this \"inconvenience\". Problem solved. ","Why does it seem like Massive doesn't even do some basic testing?","Yeah it's weird that sometimes I would go down faster than others. I really couldn't understand why. Now we do.","ok then..","I just don't think this 100% confirms anything, variables exist. (and we probably don't even know them all)\n\nCan anyone confirm if every bullet does the same amount of damage? (ours certainly don't) So why would one sniper bullet be enough to confirm anything?\n\nEveryone is just looking for this s#it now and assuming every post is going to be true.\n\nIt's just confirmation bias and while I'm not saying it isn't true, one bullet doesn't confirm s#it, 100 wouldn't.","Our bullets actually do the same amount of damage on NPCs, every single time. There is no variation, NPCs have 0% resilience to anything. We only do more than base damage (the number which is shown on your weapon in the inventory) if you hit the head, crit, use buffs or if you have armor/elite damage. Nonetheless, every headshot is the same, every crit is the same, as long as you don't change gear/weapon/stats/range in between. And snipers aren't even affected by range as far as I can tell... or rather, their drop off is far beyond the 40 yards range.\n\nNPC Armor is actually **not** reducing our damage even at 0% armor damage. \n\nOn top of that, there are 8 screenshots and 4 of each show the exact same health/damage taken.\n\nThe only way that this doesn't confirm it is if he falsified the result on purpose. Which is a possibilty, but the only way to prove it is to do it yourself.","I was replying to the two screenshots by the way, I didn't notice the *Edit, since I've become accustomed to ignoring them because this site is weird and people write \"Edit: one letter\" \"Edit: Spelling\", it's a weird system.\n\nI've no problem with people like you showing me why I'm wrong, and I stand corrected if every shot does indeed hit for the same amount.","If this doesn't confirm anything, i don't know what is. ","I assume you failed science at school then?","I'll just say that i failed to make you feel happy because you are one sad, pathetic moron. There's a reason why he ran the test multiple times for consistency yet blind sheeps like you still try to dismiss it. ","Wow, who pissed in your cornflakes?\n\n\"I'll just say that I failed to make you feel happy because you are one sad, pathetic moron.\" Don't even know what you're trying to say there, you failed to make me happy, what?\n\nI have no need to justify myself to someone like you, so I won't. Go take a f**king valium, you need one.","You. You pissed in his cornflakes. While you are correct you don't need to justify yourself to him, you probably should justify the rationale behind your comment explaining why you think his statement is inaccurate. ","I don't have to justify myself to anyone except the lord almighty on judgement day and I'm a non believer so do the math.\n\nIf you read the other comments you will see that a guy countered my claim with solid information and I immediately said fair play if that's the case I'm wrong and I did justify myself to him because he spoke to me like a person and created a counter argument, the other just threw his toys out the pram and said some frankly weird comment about making me happy?","And you think the other guy needs a Valium?","When did I say I didn't? I defo need some, unfortunately they took them off me, if you ever want to write a letter of support to my Drs advocating their return hit me up.","It is getting pathetic. This glitches with the shield are one thing, but so simple things like this where they fuck up \"increase\" and \"decrease\" should not happen. I mean we have this already on the Reckless Talent and here as well. God knows where we gona find this kind of mistake on top of that. ","I'm not even surprised...","While I always reroll the \"protection from elites\" perk to something more universal, I still believe this is an incredibly dumb and stupid mistake.\n\nHow could something so incredibly basic go wrong?!","Funny seeing all the hate but you all will be praising Massive when they pull a fix for this. \n\n(Continues playing Dark Souls 3) ","&gt; audio bugging out\n\nWait is it the thing when the BoO background noise or the background noise at a checkpoint somehow bugs out and is still running wherever you go? Because it's extremely annoying and only way I found to fix it is to relog/restart the game.","Spin: this is how we are countering exploiters","my first season pass too, I was so stupid","Lololololololllzollolzollzozlollloloz","&gt;I hope this can be patched ASAP as this can be very frustrating to have a gear that increases your damage income.","This is about as dumb as the scavenging attribute. Looks like they may have gotten the coding a bit reversed.","Mine is like 20% protection from elites. Sad thing is I have 214gs and I run CM with Guys with like 170gs and I go down more than they do sometimes.","This game is really going down the toilet ","this is not a crafting game to try your hands at the slots, you will play how they want you to, got it? ","QQ moar","Lmao. These are all major problems in this game and a lot of them they haven't fixed. Go \"QQ moar\" to yourself Mr. Keyboard Warrior.","[deleted]","Still better than being an redundant hypocritical loser who is butthurt about people being butthurt.","This isn't qq scenario mate this is a legit oversight from massive. Now go back to the troll cave little one. ","Holy Fuck. No wonder everyone was taking more damage after some of the things were moved to server side.\n\n**WHY AREN'T YOU PROPERLY QAING YOUR GAME MASSIVE?**\n\nDamn it I'm glad I'm not playing right now. This is a joke. Do they even have a QA department or is it this shitty \"playtest\" group only? This is why in-house Quality Assurance is so CRUCIAL. Stop trying to save money by farming this shit out to 3rd Parties (nothing against them, I used to work at one) AND MAKE THE GAME PROPERLY.","Makes it almost impossible to trust your build on figures. Have to go by the feel not the figures for the time being anyway. Lucky I don't use protection from elites anyway.","I wonder if all the exotic protection and other protection stats are also bugged?","Fucking retarded, not playing the game because I can't trust it.","Woooooow... Same here. Been talking about me taking more and more damage or mobs getting buffed. Thought Massive turned mob damage up during all the maintainences to balance DZ brackets - we've all leveled them out.\n\nGear score: 160?! I can't solo DZ Elite mobs with my gear score at 200!! What the hell?!\n\nThis explains a lot!","One would hope. They showed promise with the hotfix before the weekend, but things like this, \"reckless chest\", and  few others seem to be on the bottom of the list. On the other hand, maybe this May expansion and patch will be a HUGE patch that addresses most of the things like this. \n\nFull disclosure... I tend to be an optimist.","This explains why suddenly I feel like i'm taking more damage than I should be. I've equipped some of this gear. FFS.","Oh shit ! \nWhat the hell !!","+11% Pain From Elites","By the end of the year? Holy christ man, let it go.","Should have added a \"/s\". Oh well. ","Devs are so fucking incompetent","I don't know anymore! \n","ahahahaha\nmy wallet is closed.","The issue here isn't bad programming - it's lack of unit testing and QA testing. \n\nThere should have been a simple unit tests that runs around the code to make sure things worked as intended. \n\nWhat I'm thinking is that the development &amp; QA team didn't specify the test cases well. Because that is how shit is designed and developed - around test cases. ","I'm already broke from recalibration.  Am I to waste my time saving up again to fix their mistake?  No way I just can't do it anymore.","I wonder if Savage is working as intended...","no, everything more than 100% will be deduce by 100%, + the useless nature of the atteibute itselF XD","Some.of us bought gold edition...","Yeah, some of us chose wrong...","I'm glad I never even bought it. It's a Ubisoft game. Wake up sheeple!!! ","as much i agree that this game is in a sad state. Why are you in this subreddit if you did not buy this game?","It's on /r/all? ","Theyre not going to patch it. Just look at what one is none does still. How long has that been? And the bug where you cant start missions. I have no faith that this will be resolved. But thanks for the heads up. Normally i reroll that stat off anyway but i may have chosen to roll another stat off somewhere. If so ill just have to trash that piece and start farming for a new one next week in that horde mission.","It's probably swapped values with \"damage increased\" from Ruthless, haha","TIL the division is a really poorly made rpg.","Haha. Omg. Brown doesn't even begin to describe it. \n\nThanks for posting\n\nPs: your grammar is perfect until your disclaimer about bad grammar... that's where the bad grammar is. You don't need to apologize, we'll figure it out. ","Oh for god's sake Massive, get your shit together already!!!!!\n\nCouple days ago the community finds out the complete utter BS scavenging stat is..and now this?? \nWhat in hell is going to be next? I DONT WANT TO KNOW!!! *SLAMS DOOR*","Was wondering why I was getting 1 shot in challenge mode incursion with max cap armour and a lot of protection gear. Now I know why.","Shouldn't this be a super easy hot fix? I mean seriously.","wow..does massive not not how to code their own game properly\n","what a bunch of inept morons","Same! I think I got close to 40 and was getting one shot by most NPCs and all I could ask was \"did they buff the NPCs damage?\"","Both of them would have and should have been caught by a unit test.\n\nThe fact both of them made it into production and then no tester caught then either leads me to believe that they have no idea WTF they are doing.","PFE also is supposed to protect against named enemies (per the description). Can you also test this? Would be interesting.","&gt;Addtional mitigation vs damage from Elite and Named enemies\n\nYellow enemies = elites\n\nPurple enemies = veterans","Hamish lying about blue tech?","before 1.1 we were told explicitly by hamish no changes to blue division tech conversion rates. \n\nit went from 2 to 5. \n\n","Really....what the actual fuck","Season pass holder here as well. I'll be quite bummed if it takes them that long, though I suspect it will. The game+season pass will be half price by then.","You can't make this shit up.","I remember in the earlier days of the game i was stacking it like crazy and doing nothing to them. Dont expect a hotfix for anything unless its a cheese of some sort.","It heals elites.","Of fucking course it does...","Trash your gear and get new sets from falcon horde. Reroll anything that says elites and change it to this order of importance crit damage&gt; crit chance&gt; mod slot=armor. Try to get atleast 70khp and high 50s armor %. Try to cap armor.  Keep rolling to get crit dam crit chance headshot damage on a weapon or atleast 2 of those. I know its quadrupal rng. I salute you. and cross your fingers that bullet damage wont be a total flop but remember the crit stuff is what hits hard so if you got it and it was like bullet 400damage lower than another roll equip it anyway. Dps will probably relfect over 200k . Headshot dam and crit chance for scope. Crit for muzzle accuracy stability for underbarrel and mag size rate of fire for clip. Ull see over 200k dps easy.\n\nLaser sights are stupid. Initial stability does not beat stability. Lasers also give away your position as well as letting them know you are sighting in and on who.\n\nGo to town agent. Go to fucking town!","So basically what you're saying is that Massive has managed to *flip* protection and damage taken... go figure. \n\nWould you also be up for testing damage *to* elites as well? I'm curious if they managed to mess that one up.","Well I'll be damned... Not surprised by anything anymore though","Soon they'll have to shut the game down and make  \"THE DIVISION: A DARK ZONE REBORN\" ","is the reckless talent still bugged too?\n","Changing their staff or hiring more staff or firing the management will fix it. 330 million on the first day. 330 million","Oh gods.  A either forgot the correct ordering on their division, or make a value negative.  This is why -everything- needs to have a test.","OMG MASSIVE BEST DEV GUYZZZ CAN YOU PLZ STOP DISHING THEN EVERYONE MAKES MISTAKESS GUYZZZZ\n\nI lost track of how many bugs this game has. To everyone trying to defend them get your head out of the sand and smell the shit.","Its just one negative sign likely, since the opposite effect was happening for reckless.\n\nSomebody oops-ed the logic for whatever variable is mitigation. And somewhere in their code they have something like.\n\ntotalMitigation = baseLine - reckless*(0 or 1 whether or not you have it) + protectionFromElites%\n\nAnd then somewhere else in their code they probably have:\n\nDamageTaken = rawDamage + totalmitigation","I, for one, who has some coding background, nothing major, but enough to know better would LOVE to see the code to this game.  I agree with /u/rockmasterflex that it is probably something simple, but knowing basic coding design a quick patch shouldn't be THAT hard to put out for stuff like this.  That is to say that they followed basic coding design.  If this game is programmed properly, then they should be able to follow comments and look at the function that is SPECIFICALLY for damage mitigation, Reckless talent, and damage taken and figure out specifically where these issues are stemming from.  If this game is coded way out of control then it could be FOREVER until they find the issue.  Again like I said, minor issues like this Shouldn't take that long to find and fix, and I would love to see the way this code is written to actually be able to test things outside of the actual game environment to see how many things are actually wrong.  \nOn one other note, in SOME programming languages, totalMitigation and totalmitigation are two completely different variables, because of the capital M and lowercase m are seen as different.","I code a bit as well and I really struggle to see how fixing one variable to another or a 0.9 to a 1.1 is that hard. The fact that Reckless isn't fixed yet despite them knowing for so long is just mind-boggling.","I have spent the last few weeks slowly collecting gear with Protection, in the process, sacrificing gear that I now realize was 10x better. \n\nI wish I held on to the other gear, but that would require a reasonable stash!!!","Would you be willing to pay for extra stash?\n\n/s","Can down","No wonder I feel like I've been taking more damage lately despite having better gear :(","You're doing God's work, son. Thank you.","come on guys, it's like UBI will give a fuck about it.\nThey don't even want to fix the daily BUG for at least a week already.\nFuck UBI :)","I hear wife will be nerfed in 1.2","To compensate this they will increase the damage by elites overall by 30%","Gee, maybe we will get another 150 phoenix credits next weekend.","I buggered steam for a refund a while ago but I still visit this sub from time to time for comedic value, and this is comedy gold.","Wow great -.- just wanted to play this game again after a break. They really want to kill the game, very sad because i liked to play it but after all the bad media about it and the fact that they really fucked up the \"improvements\" psuh me to the point to just stop playing. Today i tried also to play the new mission, it ended that i saw most of the time loading screens....its great if you join a group and you cant play because they are already at a no spawn area. Massive, what are you doing :(\n\nPs: language","I am in the fortunate position of having not paid for the game at all, it was thrown in with the Steel Series Sentry I bought from Tobii.\nThat being said I absolutely feel for those that did toss their hard earned at Ubi, especially those that bought the Collector's, Gold etc.\nThis whole affair is a shambles beyond reckoning :/ ","Fix this now Massive, please. This is stupid.","How can you fuck up a perk this badly?","[they hired Valve's support team to do the testing](http://farm5.staticflickr.com/4128/4999068105_ca38f24dfe_b.jpg)","Something smells fucky.","Hilarious, truly.","Ok that's it. Will be back in the game in 1 or 2 months hoping the majority of the bugs is fixed until then.\n\nSee you guys.","if true, this is an easy fix - i'm laughing about how freaked out people get (one guy says he quit the game 2 weeks ago yet he still reads and comments here -lmao) \n\nconsider it added difficulty until fixed you crybabies","Why are you so angry? It doesn't work as intended cry baby. ","im not angry - why would you think that? lmao at all the crybabies on something that will be fixed and doesn't effect me other than adding difficulty- sweet!","Probably healing them :)","You probably do LESS damage to elites now too, if our luck holds","Maybe you can test if %-dmg vs elites is working the right way too?\nWould be really fucked up if it decreases the dmg","Well, at least I know why I'm being downed so easily in CM missions or in the DZ now. And rerolling is out of the question because I already recalibrated other parts of my gear since I thought this would be an ok talent to have...","So...Does 'Protection from exotics' do the same thing? ","Okay, so now take `Damage to Elites` and see if that mitigates the damage. I'm wondering if they either (a) have the labels reversed in the interface or (b) have the values reversed on the backend.","That ones fine","If they used a similar calculation I wouldn't be surprised if we actually did less damage with that. ","wouldn't be so bad if they actually gave us a timeline. I also have several pieces with elite protection, and I don't know whether to reroll gear (i spent recalibration on other attributes) or just deal with it until it's fixed.. but that could be weeks or months, and my stash is already way too full. that and I spent so many mats on these pieces","Stay classy","this game is in Beta, no one knew?! *roll eyes*","I feel it's more like a pre-alpha. ","I see what you did there.","Enough stuff is working guys but this is indeed a good find and a very stupid mistake in programming... Let's give them time to fix this. For now I'll stay in the lower DZ because I have to much protection LOL.","Not sure if srs.....","This is the kind of shit that made me stop playing.","lol i made a post asking if things were buffed.  i often got killed in 2 shots by snipers with pistols and downed alot in challenge mode. to learn what i thought was helping me was killing me lol, oh men","have u done this multiple times? enemies might crit too","read post.","read post again","If you look at the images, you will see he tested multiple times, if you read the end of post, he tells you he tested multiple times.","this game is a fucking trainwreck.\nrip 40€","While we're talking about bugs, has anyone noticed that flashbang doesn't seem to apply its disrupt against players anymore? Tested with a buddy and he said he got flashed, but he wasn't disrupted.\n\n","He might have new gear now with a certain percentage of Exotic resilience and disrupt resistance.\n\n I have seen people being shocked by the zapper or shock nade just for a brief moment, and when they show gear they have just like 25%+ exotic and over 25% shock resist - maybe 50% is a turning point here?","Perhaps, I'll try and do a more formal test. What prompted me to look into this further though, was:\n\n1) a group of rogues I flashbanged and was subsequently downed by told me that \"flashbangs don't do anything\". At the time, I thought they meant how short the flash and stagger was, but perhaps they meant it more literally?\n\n2) the flashbang's disrupt is purported to disable/destroy deployed skills like turrets and support stations, against NPC deployable though, they don't seem to do anything. \n\n3) I did a \"pretest\" before I did it with my friend where I flashbanged myself, and it did not prevent me from using any skills. In fact, while my character was doing the eye-wiping animation, I was still able to self-deploy first aid. ","Well, they patch all the time. I wouldn't wonder if in one of the latest patches the flashbang has lost it's effect vs players.","*How* does something like this actually happen? On top of everything else that's been plaguing this game, I'm at a loss for words at how ironic this bug is. I would legitimately be interested in seeing the coding behind this. It's gotten to the point where I wonder if there's supposed to be some kind of intended humor to these issues.","[Actual code](https://www.reddit.com/r/thedivision/comments/4g4i4p/has_anyone_actually_tested_protection_from_elites/).","I've already not logged in for about a week.  It looks like I should just take half a year or so off and leave this place as well.  The game obviously wasn't anywhere close to ready to launch.  Not from an end game perspective at any rate.  If the stats don't even do what they're supposed to there's no reason to bother getting better stats.  And if you can't get better stats in a loot based game, why the hell are you playing once you're done with the story?","This needs to get to the top. Fix reckless and this and check everything else. Don't rely on use to find more of this shit. ","Weird that basic division is what's destroying The Division.","Everyone on Reddit is a programmer","This is true. Guess the difference is I get paid to do it.. ","so, is anyone gonna test damgae to elites now?  lol.   why do i have a feeling we do less damage now =/","Eh, just add a minus sign in the code next to the protection from elite values, it'll practically fix itself! \n\n/s","oh you didn't hear?  +Damage to Elites actually comes back to you, so whatever damage you're doing is actually done to yourself, ultimately ending in you killing yourself.","By the end of the year how about by the end of next month.","Yeah... I'm in your boat. 32% reduction from elites, 51% armour réduction, 68k hp.  \n\nFml. ","I knew it! There had to me something wrong, I feel squishier now with more protection from elites than before. Thank you!!","Someone look at the code?","Someone already did, the post is kickin around reddit somewhere.","Massive's laughing because all the exploiters who have the new gear sets most of them include this talent and many recalibrated to get increased stamina/firearms lmao","Well shit.","I wonder how many more do the opposite as intended or don't work at all. ","All effects that are beneficial to the player are reversed. All effects that are bad for the player remain in place.","Glad I chose to roll exotic resilience instead of protection on my new chest piece. I wonder if that's bugged too...","Luckily, that one seems to work as intended.","Yup, shitty thing is protection from elites was something i rolled for. I dread to think the of the time consumed for those materials is all a huge waste of time, not to mention the time its going to take to roll a brand new set of go-to gear, WTF??? ","Well that explains a lot.","Yeah, and there was a nearly perfect roll for sale in the base of operations vendor last week. 182 gearscore, but it was actually a Fucking upgrade from my 240 set piece believe it or not. ","Damn cant believe i missed it.","Looks like it's the same problem as reckless. Instead of subtracting damage, the game only knows to add.","Could it be the same for armor theb? I doubt it...","Holy....\n\nThanks a lot for the research. Few of my Armor pieces actually run Protection from Elites! Hopefully it will get fixed. Glad to see Reddit posting useful stuff again! :3","nice sample size you got there! very meaningful data ","wow...just...wow! i am trying to stay positive here BUT this is not good at all!","plot-twist: this too is a troll.","What the actual fuck........","Oh, that could be actually a perfectly normal error.  Shit happens.  Even to senior experienced programmers.  Typoing a - when you wanted a +?  Easy.\n\nBUT... the fix is just as easy.  Only Massive doesn't seem to have an actual process for hotfixing in place.  And since they trust the client (which you learn early, *very* early in \"MMO 101\" **NOT TO DO**) so much, it's client-side, so they can't just fix it on the server.","Yes but it's not the only item with that kind of error. Plus the lack of QA testing in this case is flagrant. Hell, every single stats/talents/abilities should of tested through and through. ","I rolled another character over the weekend, I figure by the time the shit is fixed I'll have two good characters.\n\nI might go play d3 though, since there is a new season Friday.","I doubt it. It took Destiny a year to really turn around. It took Diablo 3 almost 2 years. And then there's the fact that imo The Division has way more problems than either of those games ever did. And then there's the problem of whether or not Massive is even up to it.","Makes you wonder if the bleed, shock, burn and other resistances actually increases the dmg too.","Has to be since with a 100% bleed resistance I bleed for so long it's ridiculous","lol this game","I don't think it has anything to do with the length, the bleed debuff is already really long as it is, but I don't know\n\nI have a 52% resist backback though which I have to wear (sadly) and I just naded myself in the shooting range. You could say it's RNG but I noticed a difference between 50% resist and 0% resist in terms of how often I got the bleed-debuff.\n\nI threw 12 each and without it was 10/12 (maybe there is a base-resist chance already?) and with it it was 7/12... but then again, RNG is RNG and the sample size was small.","THIS EXPLAINS MY CONFUSION! Get new gear set, better armour and HP. Elites fucking boiling my health away.. Multiple items with 'protection' from elites! Argggh!","To be fair, it took the whole playerbase around two Months to actually put a Finger in this error... even the best QA Team only has so much time and a limited around of manpower...  \nI am by no means defending them or anything... I only want to point out that some ppl here think there is like an army of Testers playIng this for Months.  \nSeeing as this Kind of error is this prominent, I think the REAL ones to blame are sloppy developers... they either were rushed to finish or inexperienced. I am a Software developer and lead of a QA Team myself and as an experienced developer THESE are the Kind of errors you especially watch out for  \n/edit fuck you autocorrect...","Maybe I'm a bit oldschoolish here, but whenever I implement a new feature/thing/talent, especially when math is involved, I'll at least test it once just to see that I didn't fuck it up.\n\nThe reason why players couldn't put a finger on this, is because the game tells you nothing about how much damage you recieve, or how much healing you recieve, it's actually hilarious that you don't get that kind of information in a RPG.\n\nSome really, really sloppy work right there.\nIt's the same with the mask talent, the Brutal talent, the Sentry 2p and 4p bonus, the chest talent, \"hp regeneration at last health segment\"-mask talent (which does nothing) and so on.\nThey didn't playtest a single fucking thing.\n\nI could go on and name all the character talents that are not working correctly.\nThe AoE medkit talent destroys **smartcover** (wtf?), that's actually a weird interaction where I'm willing to say that it can happen, One is None howevers bugs out so often that you'd think that a tester should've noticed it in less than 10 minutes.\nTriage is working when you run into the heal of another player. Etc. Etc.\n\nI could go on and name everything that is wrong about the main and secondary stats....\n\nYou can see a pattern. Absolutely **no** QA @ Massive. (if they can't even take 10 minutes of their time to test that, then they didn't do it at all)","I think you miss understood my Intention... by no means did I try to defend the current state of the game. I only meint that the REAL fault is to search more towards the developer. Nobody knows how bug bugged the game was before QA was done.  \nAny way... Whats wrong with sentry 2 and 4???","I was just adressing the \"it took 2 month for us to figure it out\" because you were saying that the even the best QA team has limited time.\nThe thing I'm saying is that these are most basic errors, if their schedule said something about that they had to figure out if stats likes these are actually working properly, it wouldn't take long to figure out that they don't.\nWe took 2 months, because we had a \"feeling\" that X is not working properly, we were just too lazy to test it out. All it took us/him however to test it, was equipping something with +protection, get hit by a sniper 5 times, and reroll said item to something else. Done. In a test enviroment, it wouldn't take longer than 5 minutes.\non a side note:\nI'm actually too lazy to do it myself, because it's not my flipping job... but what if OP is trolling us and he mixxed up the screenshots?\n\nSentry 2p multiplies your Headshotdamage and adds another 30% at the end (just like Brutal) and 4p are 3 seperate buffs   \nY * 1.15 * 1.15 * 1.15 = X \n\ninstead of \n\nY * (1,15+0,15+0,15) = X\n","Wrong. Every implemented feature is meant to be tested. On any dev team worth a damn. \"to be fair,\" if it isn't, they aren't doing their job. ","Massive idiots. ","Rip to this game","Some just posted elsewhere that they think this bug also applies to the reckless chest.. So basically we all think its broken in that it gives us 10% resistance instead of the 10% damage taken..\n\nthey suggest that in fact the 10% = enemies doing 10% MORE damage to us..\n\nEDIT: my mistake, they did not imply the reckless chest, they in fact just repeated what you said about protection from enemies..  but still, is there a way of checking if the reckless chest is actually not giving us protection?\n\nis there anyway you can test this?","I tested this with my group.\nI put on a armor with reckless and friend shot me with pistol doing ~4100 then switched to sentry chest with same amount of armor and got hit for ~4600. Reckless gives you protection.","I agree that fuckeries abound in this game... but I'm still having lots of fun playing it. So in my case it can only get better since this kind of shenanigans will be taken out and fixEd so that it works as intended. ","Guys it's OK. They can ignore this until Friday when they disappear off the earth for the weekend. Apparently a buggy game means the studio still closes for the weekend. ","lmfao. this is gold.","Just pissing into the wind with this suggestion I'm guessing, but can the NPC's deal out critical hits? I sometimes find that one sniper shot can be fatal and others not so much without the protection from elites stat? ","No crit hits from npc's.","How the fuck does a developer make a function do THE FUCKING OPPOSITE and not find it when de-bugging? Did they even test this game?","lmao. what the fuck r doing massive","Fix this! Fast!","Hey hey now.  You can't have your cake and eat it too!\n\nThe game is allowed to exploit you as well!\n\nAll your exploits are belong to us.","PLEASE for the love of whatever the fuck you hold dear DO THIS MASSIVE!","Seriously WTF, and im here siting, thinking why im dieing like a fly wiht my new sentr and striker sets that i spend 2 weeks to polish.... burned like 100's of materials and like 5 million credits at the recalibration. GOOD FUCKING JOB MASSIVE....NOT","Hahahahaha. Damn, this game is such a joke! Stopped playing a week ago and haven't looked back. ","Math. It's backwards in Sweden. ","It's the reduced vocabulary, they probably don't have a word for - . Honestly surprised this point they they even understand the concept of 0.","How does this get missed if they have any form of QA?  This should be the most basic check for a tester.  Equip gear with Protection from Elites, check if it works as intended.  There's no way this could be missed if it was actually tested (which clearly it wasn't).\n\nUnbelievable.","They literally had no QA for this game. It is so obvious, some of the stuff in this game showed up after 5 minutes of gameplay. They did literally ZERO testing outside the beta release.","Sorry, Massive, but you're going to have to do better than 150 PC if you want to repair the damage you've done this time.\n\nSince I started playing TD, I've wasted so much time and effort collecting mats that went into rolling kit with this attribute.\n\nThis wasn't just a stray error exploited by mischievous players.  This was completely and utterly moronic.","/facepalm and lols .. cant say im suprised .. HAHA!","Great. I just checked. I have 11% protection from elites on a chest with Reckless. So I guess for me that thing is now just working like intended. ^^","&gt;can confirm if you wear enough gear pieces with protection on it really turns you into a wet paper bag in DZ06\n\nYou're not kidding!","Dont talk crazy now.","Itll be longer than 6 months. Theyll put it farther on the backburner while they are busy patching new nerfs for new expansions.","In that time though, everyone that still played the game, glitched every known glitch known to man to be OP with gear, will make your life hell when you come back....","Not to forget the enormous requirement of efficiency. Just think about the amount of damage-numbers that have to be applied every split-second. No room for slow functions, there.","Fuck sake. I have 30% reduced from elites no wonder I've been getting squishier as I gained progress.","I am glad after playing the BETA that I did not buy the \"finished\" product.\n\nI am no hacker/programmer but \nIf I can use a simple program like \"artmoney\" to lock a single memory to allow me infinite bullets, imagine what better hackers could do to the game?\n\nI put forth the same argument a few weeks (or was it month) back and was voted down to oblivion. Lol the irony.\n","Looks like the NPc are using a bug to farm us.","My God. I haven't played this shit in nearly a fortnight and I'm fucking happy I haven't. Pathetic ","I saw the coding in the other post, and I bet all it would take is to flip the multipliers to a negative to fix this.","...lol","You should put this information in a video without editing. The screenshots alone don't 100% confirm it.","Nice work. Thanks for effort and time put in. I think we will all be rerolling that skill now. Massive fail... Pun intended.","Anyone having issues to were your SMG stops shooting?  I have to switch weapons to reload a clip because my weapon just stops shooting when I have one bullet left.","Well known bug when using the \"one is none\" talent.","Fucking Massive","Thanks for the info, and smart way to test it.","In before damage to elites actually decrease damage done...","I just uninstalled this POS.","Same, logged in yesterday to pick up my 150 PxC in case I come back one day, and then uninstalled. ","Looks like my 240 chest piece is useless now\n","For fuck sakes. I thought building a set around this might be a good idea for CM incursions... Now at least I know what the issue was.\n\nThere are (or at least have been) more bugged talents than working ones. Well done massive.","Write a unit test. It should be testable without having to simulate the entire game. ","Whats interesting there is in some international versions of the game it does have the correct description.","Shit, I hope I rerolled that attribute off of my armor :/","Seriously. Fuck? holy fucktards","/u/JaRrYc  Op, can you please test damage to elites. Does it really make us do more damage to elites, or the contrary, were dealing less ?","Damage to Elites is working, it will increase your damage towards elites.","What a joke wow. Damn Massive why u keep messing up ? :- ( ","This isn't a legacy IP or a particularly dedicated publisher. Massive Ubisoft not being a developer that can govern its own schedule like Blizzard doesn't inspire much hope that the game will even get the chance to turn around. Checking back to see if anything has changed for the better and every time having to leave in disappointment is getting tiresome. At least some people are still enjoying the initial climb to 30.","Let's nerf bladedancer hit detection while we're at it.","What's next?! Now you are going to tell me that headshot damage actually heals the enemy?","That armor with 13% dps bonus  and -10% resistance to damage is actually +10% resistance to damage.","Yes, Reckless, but everyone knows this and abuses it with no issues.","Im in DZ6 right now with 17% protection from elites, I gotta play extra careful.  This knowledge is going to help me.","I think it's working just fine. I have +50% Damage to Elites and do much more damage to yellow enemies over purple (hopefully not a similar bug). And i have +20% armor damage and I do less damage to enemies health after destroying their armor (Again, hopefully not a similar bug).\n\nAlso, there's another bug in the Character weapon stats. The second half of the weapon stats in the character info screen seems to use the other weapon's info instead. It says my Marksman Rifle's optimal range is 15m and my Vector's is 60m.\n\n(edited to include character screen weapon stats bug)","They saw a homeless man on the street with a keyboard in a box and said \"this guy must code, lets hire him\"","Sitting back and watching something new break every day is way more fun than actually playing the game now.","omg. so I didn't turn shit. ","Since you know your shit go fix it for them.","Honesty if the actual source code were public I would look through it.  All I have seen, because I did look, are settings.","Call them up and ask for code. Tell them youll fix it in an hour.","fuck this game\n\nfuck you MASSIVE\n\nfuck","I'm done with this game. Deleted. \n\nGame devs simply do not seem to know what they're doing. ","so this is why my PVE gear isn't working as it should... thanks!! I will remove the \"protection from elites\"","What about all the people who have re-rolled a different stat and can't change it - patched in what a few weeks if we are lucky","i am sure i need to completely change my gear, as i have re-rolled everything in order to get firearms moved over to stamina...","Sorry, that is harsh ...","phew, it was only one item i had which gave me 12% \"pfe\"...\n\nmanaged  to keep about the same DPS and Health with another layout :)\nand still have 2xSentry &amp; 3xStriker, phew :)\n\nGoing to see if the dailies are easier like this, because i have been having problems with taking damage which i didn't understand.\n\nthanks you, JaRrYc, for testing this out and to AlCalzone89 for finding it!!","I probably wouldn't waste your resources as they will most likely fix it within a week.","naa, i just had to change a Sentry chest armor out with a Striker and then some Striker kneepads out with a Sentry pair.\n\nI didn't even need to use duct tape :)\n\nedit\nbefore: http://imgur.com/a/s14pb\nafter: http://imgur.com/a/rMtIS","lmao I love this game","Wonder how long it will take them to patch this one? Same day hotfix, right?","Oh my god I'm so fucking done with this game. It's frustrating to see such a beautiful environment and setting with decent gunplay being ruined by amateur-hour programming. This isn't the first time shit was backwards (remember that chest piece talent?). Just glad I decided to wait on buying the season pass.\n\nJoin us in Dark souls 3!","lol fuck this game","lol agreed","You say that now but I think there is always possibility for things to get worse.","/golf claps","In a game called The Division, it seems the developers failed at basic math...","\\*Looks at money already blown on the season pass*\n\n\\*Sigh*","omg thx op that explain a lot .....\n\nI get 65K in stamina, and get one shoted by every sniper npc ...","Hi OP, cheers for the work on the testing :)\n\nWanted to ask, what exactly is classified as \"exotic damage\"? As in what will I take damage from that will proc my exotic damage resilience perk?","massive oh massive lol","they are the ones that wrote the code, but under what deadlines? mistakes/bad code happens if you are constantly being pushed to meet an unrealistic deadline set by a publisher ","That awesome moment when....you go into steam to try and begin getting a refund on the Season Pass....and you realize for some odd reason....you held off buying it.....godammityes.","every fucking day there is a new HUGE thing. Fuck....","Yup. This is the kind of thing that is so basic, no one felt the need to test it. Someone wrote damage \\*= 1 + PFE instead of writing damage \\*= 1 - PFE","Did the same thing...\"no more ubi games\" after Watch Dogs, but I got suckered in again...buying a ubi game is like flushing money down the toilet.","If you have any suggestions on another mmorpg to go to other than the division, I'm all ears...but till then I'll be here.. ","The Division isn't really a mmorpg. But as for online multiplayer rpg games that are better, imo Destiny, Diablo 3, any Borderlands, hell even Warframe.","man, this explains a lot.  I like this game, but things like this are frustrating.  maybe they'll give us more Phoenix Credits and a fix?","To everyone that has been defending the QA team,\n\n**FUCK YOU**\n\n**Just.... FUCK YOU**","Dude. You seem mad...lol.\nI up voted you because I too am mad. They should Stop fucking over the player base and actively go after the people that ruin the game. ","To be fair though the vast majority of these WERE probably caught during QA and deemed either no repro or shippable by the devs. And if not thats a management failure, not one of the actual testers.","So I wake up this beautiful morning to find out my initial suspicion was true and Massive simply cannot math...\n\nAHAHAHAHA\n\nThanks for testing btw!","What's next? Damage to Elites actually heals them?","I'm not even mad.  That's amazing.","Wait, has this been confirmed with more than just these tests? The image with the higher damage he's RIGHT UNDER the snipers nest, the image with the lower damage, he's 50 yards away. There's damage falloff based on distance in the game, perhaps that's whats at play? I know the falloff for snipers is a LONG ways, but these two images show different circumstances.","[deleted]","I reuploaded more pictures, and A.I gives consistent damage. ","Cunt alert. Don't you have better things to do than to bring your vile presence here on a very important info post. Go home douchebag.","He edited the post to include this important info. Douchebag. ","You're LITERALLY the only person here to act like a total fucking cuntfuck, instead of maybe asking for more samples or editing a title, you just go on a full shit blind rage rant total whacko statement \"I'm a wannabe reddit boss this guy's full of shit\". Get real. ","Rage much? ","[deleted]","He actually changed his post to include more tests. Before it was just two screenshots. \n\nThere's also a video test of this in another thread. Either way it was quite a bold title in its original state. ","But instantly calling to have it deleted with no counter argument or proof of your own was NOT a bold move? Get fucked cunt","Delete? No way lol","u still with us?","rip","In peace","Yea I said to my mate, \"I think they buffed the DZ mob damage\".","Since when did one random trial equate to a full controlled test? I know I'll be downvoted for this, but you need to be more controlled with your tests and perform more trials.","I mean he did it 5 times each, and got identical damage taken each time with/without the bonus.\n\nCoupled with the info from this post: https://www.reddit.com/r/thedivision/comments/4g4i4p/has_anyone_actually_tested_protection_from_elites/\n\ni'd say, without a doubt, that this stat is broken.","I reuploaded more pictures with more trials, sorry about that. ","I appreciate your work and did not intend to insult your efforts. With your extra trials, I am reasonable convinced that your conclusion is true.","It's a good test and it's already been reproduced more than once. It's also consistent with the boneheaded mistake on reckless that's been known about forever.","Explains why purples started ripping me down in DZ6 all of a sudden. \n","purples are vets and protection from elite doesn't doesn't apply. But yeah, I was giving benefit of the doubt for massive but now i'm convinced. ","Fuck this.  Im playing Dark Souls until this game is playable.","But if you like dark souls, doesn't this bug just make the game a little harder. Like dark souls. ","This. I know that Watchdogs anger. I was locked out after the first week. After over a month and multiple cries to Ubi, when I was finally able to get back in, I couldn't give two shits. I wrote Ubi off even though I enjoyed multiple Splinter Cells and multiple Assassins Creeds. I swore I'd never go back. But dammit. Ubis like that crazy girlfriend. She looks damn good but can't do math..","Its actually a boost to damage from elites by 11% it was a typo","I actually thought it was working, must just be my on the move talent or either im getting so good i just avoid all incoming gunfire. lol","reckless chest still broken too?","State of the game: needing the diablo 3 treatment, fire the whole team of shits, hire new ones.","I'm just going to assume whatever the stat or skill says that it actually does the opposite. This is ridiculous","it speaks volumes to how little they actually have for the players at the end game and/or fun in replayability once you get the gear you want. if a few extra good item drops send your whole team into a scramble, they must truly believe farming golds is the only reason people are still playing.","You pay before eating\n\nLack of com: If a restaurant completely burns all your food and the staff hid in their kitchen and no one talked to you its acceptable?\n\nExploits:\nThey cant check all ingredients to see if any of it is bad before it goes in. They need to push it to your table right away! Also  exploiters found a way to get served first and the food is free.\n\nBe patient with your food:  we burned it. Now wait 6 months while the rest eat at the free buffet station.\n\nPvp/dz: Just no. I shoudnt say it in public.\n\nLack of pve content: the restaurant looks nothing like the advertisement in the commercials. Youre only allowed to dine in the 25% corner of the restaurant. If you want to see the bathroom you better get a mobile table.\n\n4 he drop nerf: sir  youre only allowed 1 condiment at this table not 4. We will be taking the ketchup tobasco and pepper to that other table. You may keep the salt.\n\nMaking the wrong choices: please chef ramsay save my restaurant.","The truth its out there","well thats fucked me as i have loads of +dmg vs elites wow!","Beta? More like Early Access. I dropped $200. And people say Star Citizen is expensive. Pft.","I think Star Citizen has less bugs at this point. ","The Devs at Massive http://i.imgur.com/uaRwAjA.jpg\n","................\n\nMassive pls","Man, now I don't know if I can trust the other modifiers....","you've got to be freakin kidding me...","Did massive hire 3rd string Devs? I don't know who can't do math at that company but they need to be fired. I mean shit, if this is correct, i should have listen to my gut before buying this game. UBISOFT RED FLAG DONT BUY. But I did....","I have been playing more borderlands XD Nothing has made me want to play a \"real\" fps rpg more than this game","First and last ubisoft game for me.","[Ahem](http://static2.gamespot.com/uploads/scale_super/1544/15443861/2732028-289650_screenshots_2014-11-11_00007.jpg)","Graphical errors like that aren't as big a deal as gameplay issues like what OP demonstrated, or with loot drops being shit, or with Massive throwing us in a pit with 15 waves of enemies and calling it \"content\".\n\nExcept for falling through the world occasionally and a meh storyline, the AC series wasn't as bad in terms of gameplay and glitches.","I wonder how many people were fired so far. ","If it hinders players it can wait. If it helps players, we need a hotfix yesterday.","See I don't understand this, games been out a few weeks,  I've completed all the missions, and hit the level cap. There's nothing left to do so give me the gear so I can feel like I have accomplished something. There's no reason to slow us down when there is no more content to play. ","You answered yourself. Once you are on the cap, instead of leveling your character, the game become finding good gear to equip. The endgame is a gear grind.  Devs like Bungie and Massive want that grind to be korean level of slow, with a bit of phone gaming gating. ","Lol. Like a korean driving through Flushing during rush hour while talking on a cell phone to John in customer service who has an Indian accent? And they can't understand each other","Thanks for posting this..I'll definitely make sure not to use PFE until they patch it.. thanks \n\nOK Massive... let's get to patching some wounds here please!!","Bwahaha, nice one, Massive.","Ok when and if the fox comes out next week please test this and what did you test this on? If it's on PS4 I will gladly volunteer some time to this cause.","No wonder why I was getting rekt when i ran the incursion on challenging. Now I see that it's impossible for me to get it done being that I don't have any good gear that doesn't have protection from elites.","Any chance its just where the shot landed?  Ie critical vs non critical? ","no, he did proper testing not gimp testing. What I mean is if you look at the images he did each side of the test muliple times to rule out little things like that.","le sigh","Never saw somthing like this in my 25 years of gaming....","Ever?","You clearly missed the release BF4 where use of a certain silencer attachment would mute everyones sound on the server for the rest of the match.","Its not only the protection from elites thing. Never saw a game with this amount of gamebreaking issues. Is unbelivable.\nThe division has loads of bugs in stats and things that affect your daily play greatly. ","If they would've delayed this game two years and perfected it we wouldn't be talking about this.","LOL. And based on such “Tests”, so many ppl just have believed.","And where is your counter argument? Supply proof, I'll wait.","Yes, I did. And my friends did too. We see the opposite results.","Fantastic! Post the results for us all to see!","You also have hands and brain, right? Sir.","... Ah. I see where this conversation is going.\n\nHave fun bud.","LOL yeah that dude is in denial. Just let him go through the stages. ","Officially acknowledged today, by the way.","I DON'T KNOW WHAT IS GOING ON ANYMORE ","You do, your getting shawshanked, but there's no redemption from sloppy coding ","Of course I'd fall in love with a game that has worse code than baby's first website ","Well this explains why I'm getting melted by level 31 guys despite having almost made armor and a decent amount of health ","yes,    was wondering myself.  hope this gets fixed soon!","I felt like I was getting downed more often when running missions yesterday...just crafted a set piece that was rolled with protection from elites on it.","This explains why i get one-shot so much. Increased armor, resistances and gear. But my striker gear has protection from elites...\n\nMath is hard.","The last game Massive made was a RTS game on PC. Had to expect a lot of problems","To be fair, World in Conflict (and Ground Control series before that) was actually *really* good. Like, *really good.*\n\nThen Ubi bought out the Massive studio. Soon after, WiC updates stopped rolling in...","I've seen gameplay, I know it's an extremely good game. I'm just saying an RTS game on the PC to a MMO RPG 3rd person shooter is a huge jump with a lot of places that Massive will encounter problems and things they have never dealt with before","imagine that people who eqp elite protection with 4 piece nomad (both broken) 4Head","haha, we'll at least you have something to spend credits on now.","&gt; Time to visit the recalibration table...\n\nDude you could drill a hole into a wall and it would be time better spent than playing this game at the moment.","The hits just keep coming!!!","This is annoying and should not be happening. It adds to the list of bugs. When we actually step back though, yes there are some bugs but the bug list itself is not massive. I think we often lump bugs, quality of life improvements and obvious gameplay improvements needed in to one big pot.  \n\nThis being a variable error should be relatively easy to fix. Our gear with the stat on is doing us no favours but its not useless though. We can swap it out for the time being or just accept it and take the extra difficulty challenge. At some point in time though the gear will be good and the time, effort and cost still a good investment. \n\nnot sure this glitch is quite the sky is caving in type of problem were making it. Its not a moving part such as the cover glitch. Its not a massive terrain issue such as the constant falling through the world or wall glitching issues. Those will take time to fix but this really should not take long to correct. My money goes on this Tuesday maintenance to be honest if it is a mistake.  \n\nOn the grand scale of issues its not the biggest but it is another to the overall list I agree. Dont think we should chuck it all in as a lost cause yet. \n\nJust my point of view. \n\n","It's pretty big though, elite protection is the only way to gear up for Incursion CMs to do them \"legit\", without abusing certain parts of the map that will make Incursions both **extremely** boring and easy (because it will allow you to ignore 90% of the \"mechanics\".)\n\nIt's also a very, very basic error that should never bypass a proper QA team imho, a bug similiar to so many others in this game.\n\nStats/basics/talents should work properly or at least do what they are there for.\nWeird interactions are where people have a larger threshold of acceptance.\n\nFor example, if you use the Medkit AoE Heal talent and Smartcover, your Smartcover will get destroyed (and since smartcover is extremely important, you can't use that talent right now). This is a really weird bug, but it's possible that it slipped through somehow because no one ever even thought about testing *that*.\nThis however? No freaking way.","Sure, it's  basic error but not the end of the world, it'll get fixed quick and we're all back in business again.\n\nTrying to keep positive here, don't ruin it :P","Done with this game.","Like when you snipe with a silencer and everyone in and around the building knows exactly where you are?","This is the whole Bungie vs Activision for Destiny. People were all for protecting their golden boy Bungie and blame Activision where it was Bungie's blame for almost all of it.","*I see rerollin*\n\n*my chest piece*\n\n*I'm trolling they'll never fix the reckless talent*\n\n*tryin to catch me while I'm cheating*\n\n*tryin to catch me while I'm glitching*\n\n*tryin to catch me while I'm griefing*\n\n*tryin to catch me while I'm hacking*\n\n*My gear score so high*\n\n...\n","well in the first \"test\" you are significantly closer to the sniper than in the second \"test\" perhaps that has something to do with it?\n","W T F","Things I trust more than Ubisoft Massive, \n\nA Mitsubishi fuel economy test,\nA kindergarten run by Jimmy Saville, \nHilary Clinton,\n4 rogues coming toward my extraction zone,\nThe survival rate of people named Alex\n\nMassive, you are inept, you are unqualified &amp; you absolutely suck. You call this game The Division &amp; yet you can't even subtract properly.  I want to like this game. I want to believe in the potential but you seem addicted to screwing the pooch. You owe a cubic fuck-ton of Division players out there a huge amount of in game resources &amp; then you need to compensate them for their time. How can you get this so wrong, yet again? \nI hope you read this &amp; I hope your roof caves in, you hoof-wanking bumblecunts.\n","Hi, thanks for testing.","I want to like this game, I enjoy playing it, but it seems to have hit the wall. Everyday for some time now we find out something else is broken. Massive is quick to patch something that works against them but do not fix the issues that works against us the players. Hopefully they fix this problem asap.","Well done testing this out for us shame it will get ignored for a while.","u/hamishbode please forward this to the team. \n\nI know you're out sick and all but a true Community Director would threaten to cough up blood on their desks everyday till this is fixed.","I forwarded it this morning. Will be running around the office tomorrow to find out what's up.","Thanks Hamish! The blood thing, don't really do that. Hope you're doing well!","To find out what's up ? Dude, people are looking at the source code, they know EXACTLY \"what's up\" better than you or the developers!\n","By \"what's up\" I mean, find out what the fix is going to be or is there any part of this that we're missing.","Cool, sorry if I sounded rude, just frustrated.","No worries! Will have an answer for this during SotG tomorrow.","it would be nicer if you could post an answer here instead of forcing us to watch the SotG tomorrow which consists 90% of smalltalk or things you'll look into or you're aware of or will be patched or ... i guess you get what i mean ;).\n\nps: don't get me wrong, i don't want to sound rude, but since you're posting here anyways, you might come up with some useful informations.","I get what you mean! But I also can't break news on reddit, I'm sure you understand that too. I'm sure 20 seconds after the news breaks, there will be an update from someone watching. You don't need to watch if you don't want :) Also, SkilledUp has been doing great tl;dr vids so I'd recommend those.","I don't follow the official forums much as I find the layout a bit clunky. Though, are you allowed to break news there? I really only see Natchai getting snappy with other users there.","seriously get them to write a goddamn apology and give us some fucking faith that we should continue to play this bug ridden fuck fest of a game.  Right now there is no reason to play your game, the companies wanting to remain vague with some many things just seems to only confirm when people test that shit is worded badly.\n\nGive us something from the company other than the stupid well look into this nonsense.  A real reply with real freakin answers from these questions we are all asking!","I lol'ed","If one of your family members was the Community Director and was very sick, would you want your family member to be a \"true\" community director and \"couch up blood on their desk\". I think not...selfish much?","If they were sick enough to be coughing up blood and still receiving proper treatment, why not?","It might be better to swap blood coughing for spun king, as in they're spun King our goodwill up the wall. What's the chances of smuggling Ron Jeremy in as an intern to massive hq? /s","Jesus wept.\n\nAt this point I'd be totally fine with Massive pulling an Arkham City to fix this shit.  Take the servers offline, pull the units from the shelves, take a deep breath, and fix this shit.","this game is so fucked.  If you cant trust that the buffs actually work, that makes grinding for gear/a certain build utterly pointless.  Then throw in the fact that not only do some of the buffs not work, they actually have a different, often times opposite, buff/de-buff that is unknown.  silver bullet to kill a loot grind game right there.","Can I trust ANYTHING in this game ffs...","Well that's it. This game is done for me.","If this is true, then gear sets are a joke, and the game really is unplayable. How can we actually know if this is true for sure? \n\nThe scary thing is knowing the game, I don't doubt at all that it could be.","* ......\n\nYou know I been all over this game for about 3 weeks now. At this point nothing else need to be said.\n\nThey're showing and proving... can't trust anything this game tries to tell you and that's more stuff that breaks this game.\n\nShould be a quick fix tho..","Massive what the flying fuck"],["expected the word \"massive\" thrown in there","Me too. A MASSIVE Division indeed","Take your upvote and get the fuck out","He can't, he's still in combat.","45 mins later. No enemies seen since this comment. Still in combat. ","What's that on the horizon?\n\n*A lone golf clubber he aggroed in DZ01 2 hours ago comes charging up the road*","Tiger Woods","Riker Woods\n\nFTFY","Take an up-vote you you magnificent bastard!","you glorious motherfucker","Alex Woods","I feel sorry for Alex! I try and avoid shooting him....","so you dont shoot *anyone...?*","Only animals.","That would explain alot, like why so many people survive after I don't shot alex.","Lone golf clubbers are the worst.  \nThey take advantage of lag and they know it, teleporting right in your face when you least expect it, clubbing the fuck out of you so you can't shoot back and get roasted by other NPC's.**Nerf lone golf clubbers.**","And once their all up in your face you can't shoot them as gun is all the way through them...........","that is SOOOO annoying... who in their right mind rushes a mad man hunkered down behind cover with an automatic gun?!","Alex does.","and that's why Alex always dies....\n\n/#ALEXSLIFEMATTERS\n\n","could also be a teleporting spinbot rogue","I picture this as the scene from Monty Python: Quest for the Holy Grail where John Cleese is storming the gates of the castle over and over...","And this is exactly what popped into my head as soon as I read this \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6lr57RVGN4\n\nlol","Lol, pretty much exactly what I was thinking.","Some say he's still in combat to this day. ","He can just pop a mobile cover. ","Lmao dying","lmfaooo best reply ever","[*Then fuck it*](http://imgur.com/Z9DMecB)","Lol.. I see what you did there..","Hahaha, you made my day good sir","next level dadjokes","He died 1 time in the dark zone, now it's previous level dad jokes","Next-Gen dad joke","as a dad i lold :D","high end dadjokes","GS 163 ._.","so actually superior dadjokes. lol","ilvl32 dad joke ","What's 50 Cent's name in Zimbabwe? 400 Million Dollars.","i was going to say a \"MASSIVE\" dissapointment","Now that is a massive pun if I ever seen one...","haha i died laughing, i cant feel my...PULSE","Zinger. In seriousness I don't know what is worse; the punch list from hell on the bugs they have or the direction they're going. I work construction but product is product. If I turned over new construction with this many issues I would be looking for another job","\"We have finished the house, and on time, what do you think?\"\n\n\"Well it would be great but you're missing the walls, roof, Windows, garage, bathrooms, bedrooms, electricity, AC- there is nothing except whatever that black thing is.\"\n\n\"That's the Mobile Cover.\"","Bravo...","Laughed waaaaaay harder than I should have.","when massive builds a house, when you turn cold water faucet, hot water comes out.","And then they shut off your water, because they don't like the glass you used to drink it from.","exploit glass, you need to cup your hands together like legit players.","I know this is a joke but I seriously think its becoming a serious problem. Dev's seem to not understand what their target market want and seem to view their game as THEIR art form and so it should be played the way they intend and screw anyone for making it any other way.\n\nGames used to be made by nerds for nerds so it was pretty easy to know your target market and what they wanted because you were one. It just seems like now that being a dev is a job some treat it like a job rather than a labor of love.\n\nMaybe its just me getting old and I'm totally off the mark but yeah. my 2c.","I hear this a lot but most of the time the LAST thing devs should do is listen to all their playerbases gameplay complaints. A lot of times the playerbases doesn't understand that there are a lot of variables at play and changing one thing, one minor thing, cam greatly damage that. ","I think in this case it's fairly safe to assume that they should be listening to the community on this one. On one side you have the bugs etc. On the other side you have insane RNG and low drop rate. I really hope there's a big improvement in the coming weeks. ","&gt; seem to view their game as THEIR art form and so it should be played the way they intend and screw anyone for making it any other way.\n&gt; \n\nI kinda wish more developers did this. Ignoring the fact that I believe using exploits should warrant some level of punishment, I'd love to see more games with LESS player customization. Like, a Battlefield game with faction locked weapons again (US soldiers use US weapons, Russians use Russian weapons, ect.) and realistic character models ([none of this wearing bandoleers as a necklace shit](http://i.imgur.com/Hdk2zpf.png)).\n\nAdmittedly, The Division, being an RPG, is in a different boat and I do believe we should have customization here. However, in other, serious war-themed games, it makes no sense.","I had this game hyped up pretty massively by my friends, and as soon as I got to try the beta I instantly was turned off and decided to never purchase or play this game again. \n\nWhy? Because I instantly realized they failed to deliver on just about any and all promised grounds with this game. I think that's where a lot of this upset comes from. People didn't realize they were getting an empty shell, a fraction of the originally promised game.\n\nThe map is a tiny chunk of what it was supposed to be. Gunplay is dull and not unique based on weapons or attachments, they ruined the gear system, missions are literally just copy and paste, first raid has zero mechanics and PVP in the dark zone just doesn't really work.\n\nDon't even get me started on the most watered down leveling and skill tree system I've ever seen. EVERYONE gets all the same abilities in linear skill trees that require zero thought or planning? AND YOU CAN ONLY USE TWO ABILITIES AT ONCE? Diablo 3 on console even lets you use 4 abilities at once \n\nThis was pretty much all noticeable (aside from the raid ofc) all in the beta. Right away I knew they were pulling another Ubisoft, but anytime I try to bring up these points to anyone that plays the game I'm just ignored and down voted. And this is exactly why people need to hop off the hype train and stop preordering games that fail to deliver. Look at games objectively. ","In all fairness, the map is fine, also the shooting is good. The ambience and the feeling of post-catastrophic world are also pretty unique, in a good way. \n\nWhat sucks, though, and what is the reason I finally uninstalled the game last night and not plan to install it again until they do some really significant changes, is the endgame curve - specifically, the RNG on top of RNG and the stingy drops. \n\nBugs are to be expected, but the endgame is a pointless and tedious grind with no reward. ","&gt;  the map is fine\n\nSure, if you're okay with getting 1/5 of the promised content..\n\n&gt; the shooting is good\n\nSure, if you enjoy holding down ONE MOUSE BUTTON and holding your crosshair in a general direction until things die.\n\n&gt; The ambience and the feeling of post-catastrophic world are also pretty unique\n\nThe ambience in map design is there, but there honestly isn't much feel of post-catastrophic event. Isn't there a plague? Why are you NEVER afraid of catching it in anyway? The characters aren't even important enough to care about them\n","Don't know about holding the crosshair in the general direction, I play on PC and the shooting is good. ","There's zero variation between weapons. Have you played Borderlands? That's fun, interesting gunplay with variety. In the Division you simply point, and hold down until you run out of bullets/enemy dies regardless of what assault rifle you have. Shotguns are just single shot. Snipers finally let you zoom. That's not much difference, though.","Ugh, not the biggest fan of Borderlands, honestly. But to each his own. ","Me neither - I've learned I might just not be a fan of this genre overall. But the point still stands, they made interesting guns each one completely different from the last you pick up. Hell, in real life every gun is different (rate of fire, caliber, firing modes) yet in the Division they all feel exactly the same.","Yet you still visit the game's subreddit and post comments? Seems odd to me.","It's reddit, it's fun peeking into different communities, especially ones where you're an outsider or semi-outsider.","Why does that matter? It's a game I was interested in, I would pick it up if it improved. I like following subreddits of games I once wanted to play.. or things that interest me. Shocking, isn't it?\n\nAlso, I actually saw this post on /r/all","Regardless of whether or not you play your points are all valid. They delivered a shell of what we were expecting/promised. This is what broke the camals back. I'm waiting to see the next patch notes and if there aren't massive fixes then I'm off to overwatch or halo. Some other complete game ya know?","My excitement was clamped a bit after playing the beta. The game was fun, but whether it had legs was still up in the air.\n\nIt turns out that the loot system is just awful, with sparse amounts of shitty drops with garbage perks. It feels like Massive is switching up the economy every couple of months now, further cementing they don't know what they're doing.\n\nOn top of the loot drop problems, the loot *pacing* problems are also terrible. Sounds like in May we'll have a new Gear Score to contend with. So after a month of trying to farm crappy drops, it'll all be out of date again.\n\nCombine these issues with the recent Protection from Elites scandal, and I'm just out until Massive gets their shit together. You can't even trust the loot, talents or skills to do what they say at this point.\n\nAs a side note, I really hated that this subreddit was a hippy lovefest in the first week of release declaring The Division the best game ever. There's a bit of schadenfreude right now in how things are going. ","\"Every couple of months?\" Hm. Hasn't been out that long yet!","The Division release was March, with a Gear Score cap of 163 or 182.\n\nFalcon Lost was released in April, with a Gear Score cap of 240.\n\nAll those rolls you farmed in March? Get back to work.\n\nNow, the next incursion is due out in May, with a new Gear Score cap... that's ridiculous.","How do we get gear score 214+? ","Falcon Lost drops 240 gear.","How else will he complain about a game he doesn't play? ","&gt; People didn't realize they were getting an empty shell, a fraction of the originally promised game.\n\nI got linked to this thread from the MWO subreddit due to the very similar nature of the developer to correctly set expectations. You could transplant 99% of this thread over to MWO change the names and it'd be appropriate.","When you design a game for 6 million people and 200,000 are bitching, that still leaves 5.8 million who are not.","Yet, who is the game working as intended for?","I feel ya, if I played it the way \"they intended\" this game woulda last 3 weeks tops...maybe less","You're gonna take this up vote and you're gonna like it.\n\nWe both got shit to do right now. Talk later. ","Bless his little heart...","I'm sorry agent, going rogue on your ass. \n","Here's an up, now gtfo","[Fucking... +1](https://gfycat.com/AgedAdmiredCassowary)","I thought massive","The profit margin.","I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:\n\n- [/r/outreachhpg] [Saw this while perusing the subreddit for The Division and thought it sounded familiar...](https://np.reddit.com/r/OutreachHPG/comments/4g9l45/saw_this_while_perusing_the_subreddit_for_the/)\n\n[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*\n\n[](#bot)","Players and Developers playing very different game. And its  a  root cause of the disaster  at hand.","Stop trying to develop new content when your game mechanics are fucked. FUCKED","You get an upvote cuz it's not a complaint ","This game is unlike anything I've ever played.  Early on it was amazing.  Now...not so much.","How large is that division? MASSIVE","Love dad jokes thank you sir","I tried to downvote this, gave the OP 15% more karma.","i was expecting the answer to be MASSIVE","I expected \"everything\"","maintenance Tuesday patch notes?","Reality","hahaha","Product Management","Priceless","hey now... be easy, maybe in another 3 years they'll get it right!","i mean, it took destiny over half a year... but i hopped off the train too early","Upvote for love. ","I was honestly gonna say \"Valve\" lawl","Massive should pop a mobile cover and glitch outta this world","Is the opposite Psyonix? ","Profit Margins.","\"Massive\"","Destiny.","Look, we both got shit to do right now. Talk later.",".. And twice on sunday.","I think it's generally referred to as delta, or the Greek triangle sign.","A *virus*.","The ol' Costanza one and done","Called politics?","It's called expectation ","Man it took me way to long to get that.","I call it Destiny.  I'm out!  ","Crappy Product Management ","I was gonna say common sense.. But okay :P","lol G[old] , another game from ubi that has failed . gj devolopers wish i can refund","this will go down in gaming history like \"jumping the shark\" in tv","I think they'll come around. I see a good wholesome future for this game.","Not if they can't get the hackers under control.\n\nSpent 10 minutes in the DZ today, encountered 2 different hackers. One was on top of buildings insta head shoting people as they ran down the street. The other tried to hide it a bit by only teleporting away when you almost had him killed.","A difference is the result of a subtraction. Your joke sucks.","Playing Devil's advocate here, but there are times when a dev studio has to draw the line and stick to their vision for the game, even if it goes against what some people might want. \n\nIf we started a poll asking for every player to have a pink baby elephant for a pet that would follow them around the game, would anybody really expect the devs to do it? Just google \"Boaty McBoatface\" and see how those situations play out. \n\nUnless we're talking game breaking stuff like the PC hacking, in those cases something has to be done ASAP. ","The Division's player base has (for the most of them) a lot more experience in RPGs, loot based games, mmorpgs etc, especially PC players since it's the main platform having these kind of games, but Massive proved they have aaaaabsolutely no experience nor clue how these genre works, they wanted a game with those systems, they have to deliver now, there are too many ridiculous bugs and glitches that shouldn't make it to a final version of a game, this is unacceptable, it's not like we all bought an indie game made by amateurs","I know right, they should hire everyone on Reddit because we are all professional game designers!! ","They are the one selling a product that should not be broken they live off our money so... what is wrong in asking a playbale game in exchange of asked money ? Instead we got a mess","That's unfair, I think he was making the point that we have enough experience to know what we want. They're not new concepts, but rather core concepts laid out by every RPG prior. ","Everyone wants different things though, they aren't gonna please everyone no matter what they do","Oh totally. But the general things that keep getting the top I think most of the player base wants. ","Haven't they already been giving most people want? They added blueprint rotation when people complained about fixed blueprints, they changed DZ so going rogue is worth something, they fixed the talent stacking glitch, they fixed the APC being able to be damaged by anything other than c4, etc. There are still more to be fixed but talking like they haven't done shit is just unfair to the devs and showing signs of a bad community. ","they refuse to fix cheaters.\nwe begged them in Beta","Name one game where cheaters aren't a problem in an online multi-player game where there is an advantage to some form of cheating. Even the top games have them.","Arma 3 and DayZ\nThey used to have problems, do a google search and learn no cheat programs support those games anymore.\nThen ask yourself why","They've been giving us some of what we want. The fixes and balance tweaks are coming in slower than they should, though, which makes it hard to defend them when the rabid hordes start foaming at the mouth every time a new bug or exploit is found.","The devs didn't even get to go with their full vision, unless you mean cutting massive amounts of content and boiling gameplay down to be simplest form of \"spray till it dies, use 2 abilities\" with copy and paste bosses and raids with zero mechanics. This was Ubisoft pulling another Ubisoft. ","Having glitched outside the map, just to have a look-see, I think you might be correct.  I think that Massive might have wanted more time, even though this game has been pushed back how much, to completely polish their game, and someone said, no it has to go NOW.  There are a lot of interesting areas in the rest of New York, that aren't complete.  There are some parts that look as though they were being worked on, then just cut to meet a deadline.  I don't completely blame Massive for all of the problems that we are seeing, but they do need some of the blame held over their heads.  Some of the bugs, like the PFE and Reckless are definitely Massive problems, that should have been caught in code testing, long before they ever made it to main line code.  Others like ladder glitching and mobile cover are definitely from a deadline push that cut testing time.  ","Yeah I think Massive really wanted to add more, but publisher's are really hard on devs and we end up with products like this. Its unfortunate because The Division could've (and can still be) this amazing game.","elite dangerous is worse, trust me like you trust your family... here we got some progress on request, very few for sure but they did some changes we ask. On elite, David Braben just ignore the comunity requests to improve their base game and our time and enjoyment. \n\nThe question is: they make the game, right.. but who play? it us and end of story.","I was so hyped for that game.  I wanted Escape Velocity from inside the ship, so I kept reading and reading the community stuff and got scared away.","I honestly don't believe it's the developers fault, I feel bad for them. You know they want a quality product to stand behind too, but when big daddy Ubi is standing behind threatening to cut off your allowance and release whatever you have, you're fucked.\n\nNow they have to devote time to DLC content to make UBI more money while attempting to get right what they started all while making these deadlines.  I truly believe if Massive had its way, it would have waited another 6+ months and released something way more polished.\n\nI really do like the game though, and only get in about 15 hours a week so I don't mind the grind a bit and working for better gear.","I won't blame the publisher unless it makes sense.  EA has launched broken games in a variety of genres from a variety of studios.  No matter the studio, if EA publishes it then there's a strong chance that it can be a mess.  To me, that's at least anecdotal proof that maybe EA is the real issue here.\n\nAssassin's Creed is generally fine outside of one game having some visual bugs.  Prince of Persia never really had noticeable game play issues.  Far Cry isn't perfect but it generally works as described.  Ubisoft games are generally fine but when add in Massive... \n\nYou seriously believe it's Ubisoft that messed it up rather than Massive?  If months pass and Ubisoft puts out more working products and Massive still can't get stats working in a stat-based game or missions to load or healing that isn't delayed, we still gonna be talking about how it's gotta be Ubi despite every non-Massive Ubi game launching in a launch ready state?","&gt; Assassin's Creed is generally fine outside of one game having some visual bugs.\n\nUhm..what?","Lol","&gt; Assassin's Creed is generally fine outside of one game having some visual bugs.\n\nWhatever you're on please get me some.  I could do to escape reality for a bit myself.","I still do.  Deadline pressure is a huge pain in the ass, and with this game coming out on multiple platforms they're not going to delay one version of the product and release the others.  I really believe Ubi knew what they were doing, releasing something that can be fixed later knowing damn well they created the hype which worked to make it they're biggest selling launch day ever for the company.","Wasn't the deadline supposed to be in 2014 but was extended all the way to 2016?","Lol but on a serious note what the players want isn't always good either. World of Warcraft went through a period where it seemed like they went to the forums and took whatever the top posts were saying and made that change to the game. Some very shitty times came out of that","So basically everything since the Grand Tournament patch, because that game was ruined after Ulduar.","The apitomy of Bad communication? Oh sorry, that was rude","Da,da,tsss. *drum sound*","excuse me but as a drummer im offended by your incorrect use of onomatopoeia.\n\nits bah-dum, tiss!","Sorrryyy","https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zXDo4dL7SU","Entitlement /s","But the difference, it's Massive.","i guess assume all players want the same thing - comical"]]}
